That's right, guys. You want to know which AI is the best for trading, and that's exactly what I will show you in this video. I've tested them all, and these are the absolute best for finding trade setups like this one, scanning the market for breakouts to buy coins before they pump. I mean, look at this. Creating new trading strategies, optimizing and backtesting them with AI, automating trading strategies on your exchange so you don't have to babysit your portfolio, and as well, it works 24/7. And as well, if AI agents can take over your entire portfolio and trade it for you. This video is a must-watch, guys, because what are you doing wasting your time with AIs and tools that don't deliver the results that you are looking for. In about 10 minutes, you will know exactly which AI to use for which use case to put you on the right track of success in trading. And guys, if you're a beginner or an advanced user, then this will work perfectly fine for you, and you don't need any coding skills, which is why we're using AI in the first place. And as always, guys, you will get the AI prompts and the links to the tools I'm using later in this video. I recommend you guys that first of all, you get your coffee so that you're fully focused on what I'm showing you in this video, and also, you do not skip forward because I sprinkle golden nuggets of knowledge throughout the video, which you don't want to miss. Like this video if it adds value, subscribe, and let's get started. Of course, this is not financial advice, crypto is risky, you can lose all of your money. Which AI is the best for what, guys? In trading. These are the use cases that I mentioned in the introduction and that you are also most excited about. We're going to go through them one by one, step by step, left to right, and we're going to start right now with chart analysis and trade setups. To find trading setups fully automatically and draw them on your chart, there is no better way than TradingView's own AI called Remix. As you can see here, it was fully automatically drawing the setup on my chart. And when we play this trade forward, you can see that this trade ended up to be profitable. Remix is an AI that is integrated as a Chrome extension into your browser. You can open it up like this, and it knows exactly who you are. It knows which plan you're paying for, which quota you still have left here, right? But also, it has full access, right? It knows which chart you're on and everything. This is the prompt, guys, that I used to get the entire analysis and this profitable trade, which is amazing. There was just one tiny mistake, so I had to tell it that it put this trading box wrong. Because in the beginning, the first try was like this, and it wasn't placing these levels properly, okay? And in the prompt that I will give you, it should happen in the first try. But even if not, guys, then see this as a conversation with the AI about the chart. It's actually nice. You're not anymore alone in front of your chart. It's another trader that helps you with your trade setups. And this is the best solution for this type of work, guys, right? You have seen even that the trade was profitable. And yes, I've tried the other solutions as well with Claude and Codex and God knows what. They don't work as well as this one. Of course not, because this is directly integrated into freaking TradingView and is more accurate. I will link the video I made about TradingView Remix up in the top right corner, so you can watch it later if you want to know even more details about how to use it. Because there are some really cool things you can do with this. For example, automating the alerts as well. And also, analyzing which strategy is the best strategy for your portfolio, which is amazing. Now, let's talk about how to find tradeable breakouts across the entire market. Because guys, remember, you want to be buying around here and not around here, right? And the solution for that is again TradingView's Remix. I used this prompt here, which you will get access to as well, of course. And like I said before, TradingView has access to its entire database of charts and indicators and everything. And it came out with these four coins that have a breakout from a bottoming formation. So, let's go through them quickly. And also, let's just follow its advice here. Link is the cleanest breakout. Let's go to Link and check it out. And indeed, guys, I have an indicator here that I built myself that detects the bottoming formation. And yes, there is actually a breakout. So, it was correct finding that. Let's go to Solana and check that out next. Indeed, there was a breakout here, and the AI was correct about that. This AI is actually very capable of finding the breakouts and the coins that you might want to look at because those have the highest chances of success. So, it works, but it's a bit limited because it gives you only four coins, and there are hundreds of coins. Let me show you. Over in Signum, you can find hundreds of breakouts, not just four. And that's how you can find trading setups like, for example, for Ondo here, which broke out right here. Then, it pumped, and the trend even flipped. But the breakout was earlier, so that we can enter earlier, right? Another example is Zcash, which had a breakout right here, and that was before the pump. Since the breakout, Zcash is up 113%. Another example is this coin called Meme Core, which had this breakout and pumped like crazy afterwards. And yes, this is a random coin, and that's the whole point of this. I would have never known to look at this coin and make some money with it if I didn't have the breakout detection. This also works for stocks, metals, and other commodities. This feature is not yet live. If you want to be one of the first people to get access to it, then join the Telegram group. It's fully free just so I can keep you up-to-date over there. And who knows, I might have a coupon for you for the launch of this feature. Which AI is the best for creating, optimizing, and backtesting a trading strategy, guys? And as you can see here, I said optimize instead of improve because I have a solution to optimize parameters as well. You will see very soon. Over in TradingView, you see the backtest here in the strategy report. That's nice. But if you start experimenting with trading strategies, start changing parameters, start adding indicators, and so on, it will take you forever to run through a lot of combinations of ideas to see the backtest and then compare the backtest with each other. And that is why I use AI to do this for me. And the best solution is the one I showed in my video when Claude launched Opus 4.6 because then finally it was possible to let AI create your trading strategy fully by itself, okay? And with the backtesting engine, which is very important part of this, it can backtest exactly the same as TradingView does. So this is hands-down the best way to use AI to create trading strategies. And it's not so much about one AI can do it because Claude can do it, yes, but also Codex can do it, and I made a video about that as well. The magic sauce is not the AI in this case, but it's the backtesting engine. You will see in the videos because without that, it doesn't know how to backtest properly. And then it will make mistakes, right? And then if you want to go even further, then you should consider this video here, automatically combining indicators into new fresh trading strategies. And why this is exciting is because you can give it custom indicators that you have created or the ones you download from TradingView's collection. You will see. And then it runs for hours and hours, okay? And experiments with new ideas based on these custom indicators because if you're using MACD, RSI, and volume, everyone uses that, right? You might, and you should definitely, look into this one where you're using something more unique so that your strategy can also be unique. Yes, guys, this is super exciting. I know, that's why I made those videos, and those videos are longer, right? So, I can't just force them into this one. That's why I'm sending you there. You choose which path you want to take. I'm just showing you the best options that are available right now. If you're looking for the best AI to optimize a TradingView strategy, even if you don't have access to the code, as you can see here, the TradingView Remix AI, once again, it's able to run through tons of parameter combinations and give you the best ones. Check this out. I gave the AI this prompt, and it told me that these are better parameters for my Gaussian Channel strategy. It was running tests on Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, BNB, Doge, and ADA, and told me in the end that this is the best risk-adjusted balance across major cryptos. Okay, cool. And that means that it was experimenting with all of the combinations that are possible here, and it chose to change this and this input, and not more, to get to better results. It's really that simple, guys, but let's see if it's actually better than the previous version. So, this is the strategy with the optimized parameters, as you can see here, and the one below it is the original one with the original default parameters, and let me show you some very fascinating examples. On Dogecoin, the new strategy made 977% profit with 82% max drawdown. Yeah, it's a huge drawdown, of course, not great, but check out the original one, which made only on Dogecoin with even more drawdown. Let's check out ADA. The new variant is at 1,166% profit with 52% max drawdown, and the default variant is at 408% profit with 75% max drawdown. So, the original one has higher drawdown and less P&L, not great. So far, the optimized version looks much better, indeed. You might be asking yourself, "Yeah, but how can I now fully automatically decide which one of those variants is better for my portfolio?" Well, I have a solution for that as well. I have talked about exactly that use case in this video that is called TradingView has AI now. You can watch it later, I will link it up top. But, guys, not even the optimizer can make a mediocre strategy the best strategy in your portfolio, and that is why you need to make sure that the strategy itself is good in the first place and it's not overfitted and so on, right? Let me show you a couple of backtest results for my strategy for the same assets I showed you before, and I let you be the judge of what the outcome is. So, that was Bitcoin, this is Ethereum, this is Solana, this is BNB, this is Dogecoin, and this is ADA. And yes, my VIP members have access to the strategy, link is down below. And now, guys, it's time to automate the trading strategy. What is the best way to do that? Because you have created the strategy, you have optimized the strategy, you have checked out the backtest, you have it all in TradingView, you can see the numbers, you have tested it on multiple assets, and now you want it to trade for you, and you don't want to babysit your entire portfolio. And the best way to do that is to simply automate the trading strategy with trading alerts. You can do that here by creating an alert on the trading strategy here and simply tell it which message to send where. And the way we do this is with Signum, and I have a demo bot here that I've created for this use case. This is Solana, let's change it actually to Bitcoin over here, BTC USDT, let's save it. I can see the assets that I have here on my account, and well, actually, let's change it to USDC cuz I have more of that. It's just a demo, anyway. Let's save it and then scroll down and here you can see if I want to trigger the trading strategy, I simply have to copy the title, the message, and the webhook URL into this alert. It's very simple. So, let's copy the title. Let's go here and put it here. And then let's copy the entire message and put it here. And let's apply this and then let's make sure that the webhook URL is also set. In your case, it might be turned off and the way to get that URL is obviously here to copy it from there and to put it here. Apply. Always click apply. If you don't do that, if you just go back, you will not apply what you just did. And then make sure to pick a date in the future. If you can pick open-ended, perfect. And if not, just pick the date in the future, the latest one you can find, because otherwise your alert will expire. And then just click create. And then what happens now is simply that your alert will get triggered whenever the strategy is trading, like for example, this strategy here had a buy signal right here and it triggered for me. It bought on my exchange and when it's going to sell, it's going to get rid of the Bitcoin, right? Fully automatically. And I can apply that on my entire portfolio, which is exactly what I'm doing in my own Signum. And my Signum looks like this right now. As you can see, I have a couple of bots on Bitcoin, one here, one here, and one more here. And I have a couple of altcoins as well, but I don't have too many because right now we're not really in a bull market, right? So, I'm mostly in Bitcoin, if at all, and I have the entire system figured out, which I call the auto trading system, which I teach in the auto trading masterclass. It's my entire process, how I play the crypto market fully automatically, portfolio building, portfolio management, access to my strategies, also bot fast re-entry, which you've seen before. And it's a curriculum that explains how to do risk management properly, how to find coins, how to manage your portfolio, and how to decide which strategy to use, how much money to put, all the good stuff. If you care about this stuff, if your portfolio is large enough to care about this stuff, then make sure to read the website, do your research, and if you like what you hear, also watch this video, by the way, this video on the website. If you like what you hear there, then apply for access. We're going to talk, and if there is a match, you can join. It's time to talk about trading agents, guys. Can they take over your entire portfolio and manage it for you? Of course, they can, but I'm not a fan, and here is why. Because often, these AI agents they don't have a back test. You don't even see it on your own chart. You can't even validate that they were working in the past. Anyone can give you a back test, right? But if you see it yourself on your chart, that's different. And also, you can apply it on all the assets that you care about, okay? And you can see would it have worked for me, right? Is it over fitted? No. Okay, great. And also, guys, you can simply understand what the strategy is doing, cuz you can see it, right? And then your psychology is synchronized with what your money is doing. Because if you give money to an agent and it starts losing five trades in a row, okay, you get uneasy, right? Like what's happening, right? But what if it's normal that it loses small amounts and then again it makes huge money. You don't even know, right? Cuz you don't see a back test. And that's why I'm saying, guys, please don't use these black box agents. I don't advocate for that. Instead, I advocate for education, build the strategy yourself, so you have done it with your own hands. You understand exactly what is going on. Or use a system that comes with strategies that have been working for a long time, which is what I offer to people that are busy, they don't have time, right? To build all of that. I give them the entire system, but education matters because 50% maybe more even is your psychology, okay? You have to stick to something, to a strategy, to a system long enough to actually see the benefits, okay? And that's not only true for trading, it's true for a lot of things in life. So, any system will have losing trades. If you understand that that's part of the game and the losing trades are in the ballpark, you can survive it and you say it's fine, it's part of the game. But if the agent starts losing money, you don't have any idea if that's normal, you will give up on it even if it's the best trading agent on the planet and retrospectively you might regret it. You don't know, right? So it's a psychological game as well, right? Because your money. Okay, so guys, yes, AI can automate your entire portfolio, but oh my god, you need a backtest. Okay, that's why testing that's why I advocate to put it on your chart to check the whole thing with your own eyes. Okay, guys. So please take care. If you want me to make a dedicated video about why AI agents are maybe not a good idea and how to make them a good idea, then let me know down in the comments. So guys, now you know which AI is the best for all of these use cases. Make sure to leave a like if it added any value to you. And guys, if you want to apply all of these for yourself, make sure to go down below. There will be a link to all of these prompts that I used to find trade setups, to screen the market for breakouts, to optimize the trading strategy, also automate with Signum if you want to do that, and also get your backtesting engine to create and improve trading strategies with AI. And I hope this was helpful for you guys. Let me know down below which part of this I should go more in depth and I would love to create that video. Leave a like if it added any value for yourself and as well I believe that if you care about building trading strategies, then this is the next video you should watch. >> [music] >> It's trading view. Uh-huh. >> [music] >> Ooh, yeah. Ooh, yeah. Strategies, we know what to do. >> [music] >> Yeah. Ooh, yeah. Yeah. Stop loss set. Watch the price rise [music] and fall.
