That's right, guys. In this video, we're going to talk about repainting. How you can avoid using trading strategies that actually lie to you when looking at the back test. You have a strategy like this, for example, in front of you, and you're looking at these numbers, and you're saying, "Wait a minute, 29% draw down, but a billion% profit. Awesome. Let's use this strategy. Let's get rich quick. This is the best option I have right now." The problem is the problem is that if you go and click on the use bar magnifier feature, it will actually show you a more realistic results because it avoids repainting as good as it can. Of course, the code still has the issue. And now you can see the real result of this strategy. And thinking about that this strategy actually started trading in 2015. This is not a great result. But without the bar magnifier feature, why does it still show this awesome huge number that is actually deceiving people in believing that this is actually possible, right? That's because of repainting issues. The signals are not where they are on the chart in real life. In real life, the signals are much closer together, whereas on the chart, it looks like it made more profit than it actually did. And I will show you exactly how this happens, how to avoid it, especially when you're looking at other people's strategies, but also when you build your own strategies, you want to avoid this, right? Because you want realistic numbers because you're putting your hard-earned money, right, into the strategy, especially when you automate it. So, you want to be able to trust these numbers. That is why you subscribe to this channel. You like this video because I'm showing you all of these things. Whereas other people just throw big numbers at you to deceive you into believing that they found the magic thing. All right? Maybe they found it, but only after you run the checks I'm showing you in this video. Okay? Because if it passes these checks, fine. But if not, it is lying and it's not going to give you those results. Okay? Repainting is bad. You have to avoid it. In this video, I'm going to show you all about it. Let's get started. And if you're wondering where the hell is Michael right now, well, I'm in Italy, Fuskini. We're driving from place to place, having a good time, 3 weeks vacation, right? But in our community, I've seen that some people get excited about strategies that have repainting issues like this one I'm showing you in this video and others as well, by the way. And I have this responsibility or I feel like I have it to show you a method to test for this issue because I didn't show you yet on my channel. So, here you go. Even though I'm on vacation, I want to make sure you're safe and you have the methods that you need to detect bad strategies or strategies that have basic issues, right? It's pretty simple to do. Let's get started and protect your money. All right, let's go to the chart and check how can we test any strategy from Trading View for repainting issues very easily by using the bar replay feature here on top of my head. I will put myself down there and let's go to the chart and have the strategy on the chart the way that the strategy is supposed to run on the chart. Right here it is on the one day chart. All right. On Bitcoin, this one, Coinbase. Fine. Now, the next thing you need to do is to find the candle that is large enough. Okay? Not a small one because then the signals are very close together. You don't really see the difference from repainting to the actual signal, right? So, find a bar that is large enough. So, I will pick this one. This has 6% profit. Five or more. It's great. Okay, you will find one somewhere in the historic performance of the strategy, right? Then click on replay and then click on that bar. Okay, click on that. Now, what you will see is that the time has been reset. We're back in history, right? And the bar will appear as the next bar here on the chart. Right now, the next thing you need to do is you need to change the interval, but not yet. Let me show you how it plays out when I leave it to the daily chart. the same as where I'm on now, right? I'm on a daily chart and the interval that I'm going to play forward this back test will be as well the daily chart, right? On a daily basis. So, if I click here on this button forward, it will go forward one day. All right. Now, let's see what happens. One day and you can see we have a entry signal here and a takerit signal up there. Okay. So far so good. It looks exactly the same as in the back test, right? By the way, the entry signal is legit because this one happens on the candle open or candle close. So, that one will be always the same. I already know this from this particular strategy, but you can also mark that to be sure in any strategy you're testing that the open and close are the ones that you expect. Right now, let's click on select bar and replay this bar again. You can see I marked the open and close, but this time we change the update interval to 1 hour. And let's see what happens. Let's go forward one hour. We have the entry signal at the same place. That is fine. One more hour forward and suddenly we have the takerit at a very different place than before. It is now over here. And as you can logically see it makes way less profit. So before it made a profit of 7.2% and now it makes a profit only of 1.3%. So that is not awesome because that means I cannot trust the numbers that I see in the back test. Right? This is repainting because if I play it forward hour by hour, if I could do it second by second, it would be even worse. You will see later, right? It would be even worse. And that is not okay. Yes. So the signal cannot shift around depending on the update interval. They always have to be at the same place if you want to avoid repainting. When you turn on the bar magnifier, and let me do that now. You will see those signals will appear way more realistically where they should be appearing. Even worse when you see here this is with bar magnifier they appear even or the takeprofit one is even lower and the reason is that I cannot go lower than 1 hour on the update interval or tick size but the bar magnifier can and that is why it's even more accurate. So as you can see with the bar magnifier it's even worse performance right where we're having only 0.7% profit. So now you see why the bar magnifier gives more realistic results. Sadly, the bar magnifier feature is not available for basic, essential, and plus users, only for premium and above. But you can still use the bar replay feature, which is available for all of the users. The thing is that if you have a repainting strategy that you find out by using the bar replay, you cannot use the bar magnifier unless you have premium plan or above to actually get more realistic results. But that's fine because you shouldn't be using that strategy in the first place. I went ahead and automated this trading strategy with the repainting issues on my personal hyperlquid account using Signum. Very simple to automate. You know this already. Yes, from watching my channel. Now let me show you what happened because repainting is a massive issue. Now as you can see here on the 26th these are the trades that happened. 109048 was the entry and 110 397 was the exit. Now the entry is fine. You know this, right? The strategy has no issues with entry. But the exit, all right, the exit was 110 397. Now let's see what the exit was actually on Hyperlquid in real time when this was automatically executing, right? So this is the entry, right? 10904. Fine. But 1098 that is far away from 110, right? So like and this executed fully automatically in real time different results than in the back test which is the whole problem. Yes. So 26 was here right. So you see this was the exit right? If I turn on the bar magnifier let's see how close it would get to reality. Okay. So now you see the close signal went way down. And here on the 26th 109 573. Okay. 60 seconds tick size and so on right 573. Now let's see on hyperlquid we got 109 188 like I told you trading view cannot be perfect because the tick size is still 60 seconds right even with the bar magnifier or if I didn't tell you I will tell you yes you will see and so huge difference repainting is a problem you need to fix it right and you need to fix it and avoid strategies that have this problem just for fun let's test the gshian channel strategy for the same issue just so you that it doesn't show these kind of issues on a strategy that is programmed properly whereas it shows these issues on strategies that have repainting problems and then later on we're going to discuss what type of repainting issues you can have. Okay, first of all on the gosh and channel strategy let's turn on the bar magnifier and let's look at the profit number if it changes. Well, it didn't change whatsoever, right? So definitely the first test shows that there is no repainting issue, right? At least not as we can see right now. Let's go to the replay feature. Let's put it here on this candle where we have a sell signal and let's put it to 1 hour interval, the lowest we can, right? And let's play it forward. Okay, this is where we have our sell signal. Let's put a line right here. And let's replay that bar one more time. And now let's put it to update once a day. Right, let's play it forward one more time. and see what happens. All right, the sell signal is at the exact same place. So there is no repainting issue whatsoever. You see how easy this is? You can do this on any strategy before actually using it with your real money because you want to make sure that the results can be achieved. All right, so please do not use any strategy that has repainting issues. All right, so the next thing we have to look at is what kind of repainting issues can there be. Right? So now you know how to detect it, right? you should stay away from any strategy that has that problem. Okay? Especially if you don't have the skills or the willingness or the time to improve and fix that problem, right? If you have access to the code, you could potentially fix that issue. And in the next section of this video, I will show you which issues happen, right? That can repaint and then also how to fix most of them. Most of them because Trading View is not perfect. So, you need to know about that as well. Let's move on. Trading View has an article about repainting because it's a huge topic. Okay. And the article is here behind me. I will link it down below. Okay. So you can take it, read it, use AI on it, whatever, right? You can, for example, you can say, "Hey AI, take this article, take my code of my strategy and tell me if I have repainting issues." Right? Hint hint. Nice. There are some issues which the eye will not detect which I'm telling you in this video. Okay? And so stick around. Yes. But this is an idea that you can use. Now the repainting article is quite long. Yes, it's huge. But I want to point your attention to the most important parts, which are these bullet points over here. These bullet points explain the biggest issues that you can run into. You need to know about them. Okay, the first one I already showed you, right? Does the script calculate or display in the same way on historical bars as on real time bars. And the real time bars were the ones where we did a replay, right, with a hourly tick size, okay? And it didn't play out the same. So it has repainting issues right now. these type of repainting issues where you have takerit and stop-loss signals on the chart like here these type of take-profit stop-loss this type of signals you cannot eliminate repainting from fully because of what I told you before which is a technological limitation where the tick size matters right so the back test has a higher tick size than real time obviously and so if the price goes above your takerit right but your tick size is one day right then it goes way above and now Trading View says, "Oh, the price is higher. Let's take profit." But it's way higher than if you would play it in real time. If you play it second by second, it will take profit here instead of here. Right? And Trading View actually has documentation on this. And as you can see here, when you use the bar magnifier on the one day chart, it actually uses 60 ticks to calculate your take-profit stop-loss. Right? Of course, it will be way more accurate. And that is why also you have seen on the chart whenever I click on that the signals come way closer together, right? Because now it calculates faster and it knows way more accurately what really happened. I will link this documentation as well down in the video description if you want to read more about it. But can the bar magnifier actually solve all of these problems and now it's accurate what you're seeing in the back test in Trading View? Well, no, because 60 seconds is still slower than the tick size on the exchange. Or are you waiting 60 seconds for your exchange to execute an order? Of course not. The exchange is much faster. It ticks every second, sometimes even faster. That means that you're at least 60 times slower in your back test than what actually happens on the exchange. You have no chance to be perfectly accurate. All right, in Trading View, I mean that means just avoid trading intra candle. All right, just go on a smaller time frame and trade on candle close. That solves all those issues. So it's a technological thing. That is why you have to click on the bar magnifier, right? That will put the takerit or the stop loss way closer to where it should be. Okay, it's still not perfect, but it's way better. Now, the AI will not detect this, okay? Because it doesn't know that Trading View has this technical limitation. So, that is why you have to do this bar replay as I showed you because that will give you an indication if that problem exists. And to be honest, just click on this bar magnifier to use it all the time. All the time. Then at least you have less issues. Okay? Way less issues. So that is very important. Okay? If you're waiting for the bar to close, right? And then you make decisions. That's easy. That nothing can happen then, right? You'll be very very accurate, right? Then do alerts from the script. Wait for the end of the real-time bar before triggering. I mean, for me, that's pretty much the same issue. But I mean, of course, right? So if the alert triggers in the middle of the bar, but then the bar ends in a very different way and then it looks like it should have done something else. I mean that's always a repainting problem, right? You have to play it exactly in real time as you would, right? Not pretend you did something else. I mean that is uh a bad idea, right? Then do signal markers by the script. Wait for the end of the real-time bar before showing. It's pretty much the same thing, but it's about visually showing you that it would have bought here, but then it buys somewhere else. That is because you can shift signal markers into the past. Okay? So, they look way better than they are. All right? So, there is a shift and you can shift them however many bars into the past you want and it will like it will look like, hey, why didn't it buy there? Because there was a marker. Yeah, because you can shift that marker, right? And by the way, when you have these type of markers here with these arrows and where it says long and exit and all this stuff, these are markers from the strategy itself when it actually was trading or at least when it thinks it was trading. Those ones you cannot shift. Okay? Those ones happen when they happen. It's just the tick size issue that I showed you before that triggers the repaint. But these are actual trades, not just markers, right? Forget markers. This is just for indicators. It's pretty boring stuff. Okay. And then the next one is does the script plot and draw values into the past? Right? So again, pretty much what I told you before, you can shift them and you can pretend as if you knew something in the past where you didn't. Then you have does the strategy use on every tick. This is a feature where you can actually pretend that the current bar that you're working on right now, this one that is open right now, if you click on on every tick, then what will happen is that every time the price changes, it will try to make a decision, right? And the problem is that if the candle changes its shape over time, right, a few hours later, it might make a different decision, right? And so if you have on every tick checked, it will actually trigger the trade and it will go to your exchange and it will happen. But if it changes his mind couple of hours later on the chart here, it will look like nothing happened but you have made a trade which is pretty bad. You should never have this checked ever in your life. Okay? Just never ever click on this checkbox because it can only have issues. Forget about that. Now the last thing you have to know about is also very very important thing which is the security function. Right? The security function allows you to actually fetch data from a different asset. Okay, that can be very cool. Let's say you want to create a Bitcoin strategy, but you also want to look at the gold price, S&P 500, interest rates, god knows what. Okay? Right? You can do all of that, but the problem is, right? If you fetch data, let's say you're on the one day chart, okay? With your strategy, you fetch one day chart data from gold. Let's say the thing is Pineskrit gives you the whole candle as if it has already finished from the other asset, right? Because you want the one day candle, right? You get open, high, low, close. You already know how it finishes. So, it's data from the future. While your candle in your strategy is still playing out, right? Still playing out in real time. Historically, it will look like it's fine repainting in real life, it cannot know the end price of that day. That is why Trading View has a solution for this. I will show you right now. The other issue that can happen is if you say I will look on the weekly chart or higher time frame than you are, right? You're on the one day and you you get data from weekly. Let's say gold. you get the whole week as if it has finished already. So you have data from the future in your code and you don't even realize because it's illogical. But that's what happens because that's how Pine Script works, right? And so in order to avoid that, Trading View has a solution. As you can see here, they have two different variables. One of them has repainting issues and the other one does not. And so the repainting one uses the close price of the current bar which is data from the future because the current bar close historically speaking. And also by the way because it says here that this security function behaves differently on historical bars compared to real time bars obviously right because on real-time bars it cannot know the price of the future but on historic bars if you do a back test it does right. So this one this code here looking at close the current close is problematic right but this one here looking at the previous close which is already confirmed right it's a finalized candle which already closed that is fine so the only thing you have to do is you have to take the close price of the previous candle for higher time frames right even for the same time frame to be honest just to be sure that you're not messing this up and then also you have the look ahead bar merge look ahead on this thing is basically not really useful because you're already going back one candle right but that's what they recommend so it's fine if you combine it with shifting it into the previous candle you'll be fine right while I was editing this video I realized that I have to tell you more about the bar merge look ahead on and off turn it off at all times okay that's the first thing and it exists only since version five of pine script and it is always off by default, right? And the reason why in this coding example, it is actually turned on is because it wants to prove a point that it cannot even look into the future even if you tell it to if you're using the previous bars information, right? Which is solving the issue of repainting. So, let's continue. This version does not have repainting issues, right? Well, this one has. So this is the solution to take the previous candle. And so it also says that you have this issue actually. It says up here that all of these methods have one thing in common. While they prevent repainting, they will also trigger later, right? And this is inevitable as a compromise if you want to avoid repainting and you have to, right? And so yes, your signals will trigger later. I mean, yeah, of course, but they are safe, right? Like I said, if you want signals intra bar, avoid it. Go lower time frame and trade only at candle close. That solves all the issues. Again, the links to this documentation and stuff will be down in the video description. So, whenever you see strategies that have numbers that look too good to be true, well, they might be, right? Because they might be cheating, using repainting, even without knowing, right? So, you know what to do, how to test for that. You don't even need access to the code. You can just use the bar replay as I showed you, right? And just replay it and the signals have to be exactly where they were before, right? If they shift around, you have repainting issues. And that's it. You cannot use that strategy. All right? And with all of that in mind, make sure to like this video, massage that like button, and subscribe to this channel for more awesome content like this. Hit the bell as well to not miss out because I mean, automation is the future. What are you doing? You need to learn about this, right? So, make sure to do all of that. I will recommend also watching the trade automation what's called autotrading playlist which is a free course on automation and will change your life. Yeah. So do that as well. And if you want to start automating right now then this is the next video you should watch. [Music] cheese. We know what to do. Yeah. Do you stop loses set? Watch the bus rise and
