That's right, guys. TradingView finally launched its own AI and it's called TradingView Remix. And that thing is fully integrated with TradingView. It has full access to their data, to the indicators, to the strategy KPIs, to your watch list, to your alerts. You know where I'm going with this. My questions are, of course, can this thing give me trade setups? Can it automate the trade setups? Can it create trading strategies even? And also, can it tell me which strategy is the best one for my entire portfolio? And you can imagine that the AI does some of these things very well. That is why I'm making this video to make sure that you don't miss out on this new AI that almost nobody is talking about. This is very fresh. The results I've gotten I'm quite impressed with, to be honest. And this is just the beginning of this AI. It will only get better. But Michael, there is another solution to connect Claude with a MCP somehow to the desktop TradingView application and do similar things. Yes, you can. But also, it's fully against TradingView's terms and conditions. And now that Remix is coming, this other method, it will get turned off. Okay, they will update the app. It will not work anymore. 100% sure about that. So, watching this video with this method that I'm showing you here is for the future. So, basically, what you're doing is you're learning something that you can actually use long-term. Guys, you have to know about this. This is the best way to use AI in TradingView. Let's get started. My mission on this channel, guys, is to help millions of retail investors make it in these crazy markets. And given my software engineering background, automation comes naturally to me. And that's why I run this educational channel to teach all of you guys how to use automation and AI in trading properly and responsibly. So guys, if this video adds any value to you, then make sure to massage that like button, subscribe to this channel for more videos like this. And as well there is a new feature that YouTube is pushing. It's called the hype button. So if you see it on your mobile phone then press it so that YouTube pushes this video to more people. Thank you. And of course guys, crypto is risky, trading is risky and you can lose all of your money which is again why I'm running this freaking channel to educate as many people as possible so they can stay ahead of the herd. Subscribe, get your coffee and let's go. The AI copilot for TradingView is in public beta. It's fully free and it can already do a lot of stuff and of course I'm going to focus on trade automation and trading strategies because that's what we're all about on this channel. And that is why some of these bullet points matter more than others to us. For example, switching symbols and timeframes. Well, of course it's important because you want it to fetch the KPIs of the trading strategies from different symbols and timeframes, right? That makes a lot of sense. Drawing on the chart, right? So if it comes up with trading setups, it should be able to show you the setups on the chart. Then of course creating trading alerts. Of course that's awesome for automation. Then of course analyzing trading strategies, pulling the reports so that it can then tell you which strategy is the best for your portfolio, right? And then even going as far as writing Pine Script to create new trading strategies. All of this sounds very promising but it can it actually deliver on these promises? Let's put it to the test. This is the result I got when asking the AI to do chart analysis on the chart in front of me and as well propose to me the best and highest probable long and short swing trade setup. And it did just that. It proposed to me a long trade and as well a short trade and it mentioned that the long one has a higher probability and all this good stuff. And then I said, "Hey, cool. But can you automate the short trade?" By the way, I will show you how to do this. It's very easy. All of this prompt comes from your trading bot. You just need to click this button here and you get the entire prompt and then the AI knows how to set up the trading alerts, which is very nice and convenient. So, it set up the open short trade here, as you can see trade alert. And when I open it up, I can also see that it put in the proper webhook and then as well, it created the take profit and also the stop loss. Very nice, very convenient. I will show you how to do this later on and also because you might be asking yourself, where is the long trade? The long trade is also here, but there were too many lines on the chart and I just turned off those lines. And what I can do simply is I can make the decision, "Hey, I want to take the long trade. I want to take the short trade." And so, in the prompt that you get from Signum, you just have to replace this one word, right? So, here I said, "I want the short trade." You can also take the long one and it will create the alerts for the long one. But, I have one criticism for the AI, which is that I think that this trade setup might not be the best because I don't even have a 2:2:1 ratio, okay, between risk and reward. And that is why before I give you the prompt, I will improve it. I already did actually. So, this is the document with all the prompts that you need to make it happen. And so, I just told it, "Hey, do not give me trades that are not at least a 2:2:1 reward to risk ratio." The next challenge I gave to the AI is to tell me which trading strategy from the ones I have on my chart is the best for my demo portfolio. I created a new watch list just for that. So, what it has to do is it has to go through all of the strategies, through all symbols, and then it has to fetch the backtesting data and compile a report and tell me which strategy is the best. There is one challenge, of course, because the Ichimoku strategy has to run on the 4-hour chart. So, it has to constantly switch to the 4-hour whenever it goes and checks the Ichimoku numbers. And I did tell it that here in the prompt that the Ichimoku runs on the 4-hour and the other strategies are all on the 1-day chart and it was able to deal with it very well. And the overall result is that the winner is the Bot2Fast re-entry strategy for this demo portfolio. And in case you're wondering, this is a strategy from my master class, and it's right here. You can go to AutoTrading VIP, click on this box, and see all of its trades from the past. But, of course, I'm happy, right? That the AI says that, and this is fascinating that this even works. Getting backtesting data from TradingView was tricky because they blocked it. They don't want us to scrape their product. But, because this AI belongs to TradingView, this is very easy. The next challenge is our favorite one, which is the one where we tell the AI to create a completely new trading strategy from the scratch. Here, it's a new swing trading strategy on the 4-hour chart that works on my entire watchlist, which is my demo portfolio, if you remember from before. And it worked quite long at it. It had errors along the way. It had to create a new strategy, try again, and so on. And then, in the end, it came out with this result. It's called a robust crypto swing long strategy trading on the 4-hour since 2018 to 2026, and making a whopping 0.83% net profit. That's basically nothing, guys. So, the AI failed here, in my opinion. And the AI backtesting engine that I've created, which you should watch this video up there, is much better for creating trading strategies. In fact, I've given it the exact same prompt, and I told it to use the same assets, and this is the result. After about 20 minutes of working very hard on this problem, these are the KPIs for the same portfolio. These are the aggregated numbers, but in any case, let's take the Pine Script code, and tada! These are the KPIs for the strategy. Let's close Remix, so we have more space over here. So, this is Bitcoin. This is Ethereum. This is for Solana. This is Fetch.ai. And this is Avalanche. There's no comparison to the one that Remix gave us, which is horrific. But, that's fine, guys. That's why we have the AI backtesting engine, which converts Pine Script to Python, so that it can run hundreds of variations, make sure it's not overfitted, and test on multiple assets. It's called cross-asset validation, and then give you the Pine Script code that you can then automate with. The cool thing is, of course, you can take these ideas and combine them. Once you have a new strategy from the backtesting engine, you can ask Remix to test it on your entire portfolio against the other strategies that you also have in TradingView, and then you know which one is the best for you. I'll put a link to the video about the backtesting engine at the end of this video as well. I think it's the best and fastest way for creating trading strategies nowadays with AI, but I'll let you be the judge of that. But, now let's go back to Remix and show you everything you need to know to use all of this for yourself. First of all, you need to go to the TradingView Remix website, which is a new website altogether. It's tvremix.xyz, and then this co-pilot is the chat feature that you have just seen before, and then simply click on install for Chrome. So, yes, this works for Chrome. It's fully free. You click on that, and then you arrive here on the Chrome Web Store, and simply add it to your Chrome. And once you've added it, click on this puzzle piece and pin it so that you have access to it. And then when you're back in TradingView and you want to use this feature, click on the Remix icon, and the chat will open up. And of course, it will ask you to log in. Log in with the same credentials that you also use for TradingView, so that it knows who you are. It knows which plan you have on TradingView as well, right? And then you can simply use this feature as you would use any chatbot, and you will use the prompts that I will give you, which are linked down below. You will have access to this Google document, where you have all the prompts that I used in this video, and also the link to get your backtesting engine in case you want to build your own trading strategies. And also, you have the prompt for creating a strategy, but it doesn't work well yet. It might work in the future, but until then you already have a solution, right? So, you simply copy these prompts, you go to TradingView, you paste it in here, and let's go. I will not click this button right now because I want to make you aware of a limitation, which is that because this is free, okay? And because TradingView has to pay for the AI in the background to do all the work, they limit usage to 15 prompts a day, okay? So, I've already used a couple of them today. Yesterday, I've used all of them, of course, to prepare for this video and to do all my testing. And that's why it's important to use the prompts that I've given you here because they work, and they don't waste your quota. And if you guys want to create trading alerts automatically, you remember that the AI can do a chart analysis and as well come up with trading setups, right? And once it came up with the setup and you want it to automate it for you, okay? You need to tell it where to send the signals, right? And what we're using here is we use Signum. You already heard about it before, right? And in Signum, you can create trading bots, and they're connected to your exchange. They're connected to a sub-account on your exchange to keep it safe and so that you have only the money that you want to allocate to that trading setup for that bot. It's very nice, very safe. If you want to know how to get started, I will put a video up top on the right side, but also if you scroll down, whenever you create an account anywhere, you will see this getting started video. Just watch this video. It's very simple to create a bot. I think this is the simplest way in the entire industry. And then what I did, basically, because I needed to get this prompt, right? I opened the bot up that I created for this use case, and once I opened it up, I scrolled down to find out how can I trigger this bot, okay? Because I need to trigger it dynamically from TradingView. So, I have multiple options over here. I can even trigger it manually if I want, but that's not what we want. So, this is not a trading strategy, right? This is a particular levels that I want to trigger, so it's a custom alert. So, I click on TradingView custom alert, and I don't need to know much about this stuff because I can just copy the AI prompt, okay? And then I paste it into this chat. Now, the only thing you need to change, right? Is here, instead of long, I said short, because I wanted to take the short trade from the setup. But you can just choose, right? If you want the long one, take the long one. The rest of the message, you don't need to change absolutely anything. Just send it, and then in TradingView, the AI will create all the alerts that you need. Pretty cool. It's really that simple, guys. And in case you want to create this demo portfolio like I did here, simply click here and create a new list. Give it a name, right? And then you have to populate it with assets, with tickers. So, here is a plus icon. You can, for example, add, let's say, Hyperliquid. I will pick the one from Coinbase. And now the AI has one more chart to analyze the strategies on. To add strategies to your chart here, you simply click on this icon over here. And by the way, this icon looks different if you have more space on the screen. It says indicators, right? And then here you can search for the strategies that you want to add. Click on them once, and then once you did that, they will appear on the chart. And if you're searching for trading strategies, you have a couple of options. One option is that you go to signum.money, you make an account, click on sign up now, it's free, okay? And then once you've logged in, you click on strategies, and then you have access to the Gaussian channel and the Ichimoku strategy. You can click on get access, put your TradingView username, and then click on the button. It will give you access, all right? And then you have to reload TradingView so that it understands that you now have access, and then you can simply add it to your chart. It's very simple. And if you don't know how to do it, follow these instructions or watch one of these videos. The other option that you have is that you watch this video over here where I show you how to use the backtesting engine and to create your own trading strategies. And if your crypto portfolio is $25,000 or more, you need more than trading strategies. Consider the Auto Trading Masterclass where I put all of my knowledge and my strategies and also my tactics and I teach you all of that in my master class. We have hundreds of members already and they have learned how to manage risk by building a risk-adjusted portfolio. They know exactly how to calculate how much to invest in each coin strategy combination. They also know how to find new coins using the trend radar, which is a feature in Signum, very easy to use and it shows members which coins have been pumping lately, which ones flipped into an uptrend so they can get in early. And once they know which coins they want to automate based on the trend radar, they apply the process and they fully automate their entire crypto portfolio, which eliminates the emotional component from trading. This sounds cool, I know, it works great for many years, but this is invite-only, okay? And the reason is because we're not searching for members that want to get rich quick. We're searching for people who understand that building wealth takes time and risk management is one of the most relevant aspects of it, okay? So, if you like that, then make sure to do your research, watch this video on the website, make sure you like what I'm saying there and it makes sense to you and then also check the reviews if you like. But if all of that makes total sense and you want to know more, then click on apply for access. We're going to have a call and if it's a match, you can join. So guys, what's my conclusion from all of this? Well, a couple of things. First of all, TradingView adding AI to its product is awesome because we anyway always try to fetch the data from them somehow. We try to scrape it, right? Strategies, backtesting numbers, also the chart data and many more things and I think this AI just makes it official. We can use their AI to do all of these things, checkbox, right? And that's why this external MCP cloud connection, that stuff will die out, right? because that's in competition to this new AI, right? So, you have to learn this new thing, especially because TradingView is the most popular trading software out there, most of you guys know about it, and you need to get familiar with their AI features. Okay, there are still some limitations, and some stuff is rough around the edges, but to be honest, TradingView did not even advertise for this new AI. I just found it because I asked Claude how I can automate TradingView with AI, and it said, "Hey, I found this website about this product, and it seems to be official." And I'm like, "What?" So, I made this video for you guys. I'm one of the first people to even talk about this. And by the way, they have an MCP server that is fully official, and you can connect it to TradingView. It is still limited, but I will make a video about that, and I'm pretty sure they will add a ton of capabilities in that thing. And oh my god, once they release that thing, there is no limit. Another limitation is that it's pretty bad at creating and improving trading strategies, as you have seen in this video, but we don't need that anyway, because we have the AI backtesting engine. And if you want to learn how to create trading strategies the easiest and best way possible with AI, then this is the next video you should watch. >> Screen, it's TradingView. [music] Uh-huh. Oh, yeah. >> [music] >> Oh, yeah. Strategies, we know what to do. >> [music] >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. Stop loss is [singing] set, watch the price rise [music] and fall.
