That's right, guys. You want to know how to get in early before assets are pumping? Perfect. I have the solution for you in this video. Introducing the Trend Raider. It scans hundreds of assets on crypto, stocks, metals, and commodities and tells you which ones start an uptrend so you can get in early. For example, guys, on Micron Technology, the Trend Raider detected a trend flip to bullish on the 3rd of June 2025 and since then it's up 283%. This is the buy signal, guys, on Micron on the 3rd of June 2025 and this is the open trade P&L. Not too shabby at all, but would you have known to put Micron Technology on your radar? And it's not just Micron, guys. As you can see here, there are many trend flips detected, most of them in profit. And this was for stocks. Let's check out metals. The metals market is quite strong, as you know, and this was detected very early on for gold, for example, since 2023 October 29. This is the gold chart, guys. This is the buy signal and this is the open trade. But would you have known to look at the metals market in the first place, guys, because we were focused so much on crypto? With the Trend Raider, you will never miss them again. What about commodities, guys? Let's check them out as well. As you can see here, most of them in the green. The biggest profits came from oil, obviously, 75% for Brent and 72% for crude. But what about crypto, guys? Because this is a crypto channel. As you can see here, scanning the top 100 crypto assets by market cap reveals that the entire crypto market is still quite bearish. Only about 15% of the assets are in a green uptrend. But they are, right? And as you can see here, if you would have known to buy these assets, you would have been in the green most of the time. Like, for example, the Venice token here, since it flipped green, made 240% profit. And even crazier here, 580% P&L for the Siren token, which flipped green on 29th January 2026. Would you have known to put this coin on your radar, guys? Because if you would, then you would have gotten this buy signal, and you would have been able to take this trade. And the best part is, you can simply automate them with the trading strategies from Signum or the ones you've created yourself. Watch this video if you don't know what I'm talking about, or of course, if you are a member, you can use the strategies from the masterclass, which for crypto are the best in the industry, and as well, auto trading members have a special section in Signum, where they find strategies for stocks, silver, and as well, oil. The whole thing is a game changer, because now you have everything you need, okay? You have which coins to get into, the trend radar, which strategy to use, and then, how to trade all of these assets, because I don't have enough time. Automation, guys, right? With Signum. But, how do I get started, Michael? You showed me so many things. I'm glad you asked, because I'm going to show you all of this and more in this video, and make sure to not skip forward. You want to make sure to use this feature properly, so you don't make mistakes. So, get your coffee, and let's get started. And guys, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you, because otherwise, the YouTube algorithm will never know, and also, you're supporting this channel. Also, remember, this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money, guys, and that is why I run this educational channel, so that you are always ahead of the herd. Subscribe, and let's go. Let's dive into this feature, guys, and I want to show you first the elements it comes with, how it works in the background, and then I will show you exactly how I use all of this on a daily basis to take full advantage, and to never miss a bumping asset again. I'm on the trend radar page on signum.money. This is a software I have developed to automate trading strategies, and I've built this feature right into the software, because it's the easiest way for you guys to access it. Click on sign up now to create your free account and follow along. On this page, guys, what you will see is that the trend detections happen on several asset classes on crypto, stocks, metals, and commodities. And also, you will see that there are two different trend detectors. You have the Gaussian channel one, which yes, is the one that the Gaussian channel strategy is as well using. And in this case, it's the indicator itself when it flips red or green. This will be used to detect up or down trends. And then, for members of my masterclass, they have a better trend detector, which is Bot 2 Slow, which is the best trend detector in the industry. It has been created by looking at thousands of charts and finding the one that works best for all of them. And I will show you that one because that one has more data, and I can show you the full power of this. But not to worry, you can also use the Gaussian channel one to do pretty much the same I'm showing you here. And that indicator is used on a daily basis to scan through the top 100 by market cap crypto assets, stocks as well. And for metals, it's a curated list of six assets. There are not so many metals to look at, right? And for commodities, also it's a curated list of nine assets. And I'm open to adding more depending on what the community needs. And so, the Trend Rider uses these indicators to go through all of these assets that it has found are in the top 100 and applies the indicator to them and tells me simply, are they in a down trend red, are they in a gray zone, meaning that it's not clear or it's sideways, or are they in a green uptrend, okay? And that gives me an indication on which coin to look at or which asset to look at. And that makes it possible for me to not miss out on something that is pumping in case you want to go long, or something that is dramatically crashing if you want to go short, right? So, these indicators are simply being applied to all of the top 100 assets, and I will know if they have flipped their trend. And then I can use the best strategy I have in my arsenal to apply on this asset. Now, for example, for Solana, I would have applied both fast re-entry from my masterclass, which has excellent numbers. But let's say that I didn't know that Solana is going to be exciting, it would have told me here, right? Because it flipped green, it would have come up in my trend radar, and then I can go ahead and apply the strategy that I want to apply on this asset and fully automated. I will show you later. Every bull market will have different coins that matter, and that is why it's so important to use a top 100 list, an unbiased list, right? Because I don't want to fall in love with some coins that were interesting in the last bull market, I want to have the ones that are moving now. And that is why this is so important. So, for example, right now, Render is moving, also Fetch.ai is moving, we know this, right? Monad is moving, interesting. Then as well, the BitTensor coin is moving, and Meme coin is moving, and Tron, and so on. But a lot of them are not moving, okay? And I can fully ignore them, and it makes my life much easier to just look at the ones that are moving, and that are actually showing signs of life. And that is why the trend radar report is so important, and it gets updated every day. And that also gives you an indication that this report is calculated on the one-day chart. All of these assets are being fetched based on their market cap, then their one-day chart is loaded, the indicator is applied on top, and then the trends are analyzed, and you see all the data here once a day on the daily chart. And that's important because the daily chart proved to be the best time frame to work with, to not overreact on what is happening in the markets. But also to not be too slow to react when it matters. And that's why I have to come back every day and check the latest data. Speaking of data, which data is part of this table? Well, first of all, we obviously have the coin itself, we have the trend, and we have the whole table sorted by the latest trend flips on the top, okay? So, it's sorted by this column, and that's important because of course you want the latest data on the top, and also you read this table top-down, all right? Everything that happened here on the bottom is less relevant than what happened here on the top of the table, of course, because those are the latest trend flips and you don't want to be late. Then we have the range, which is an AI range detector. So, if you have a range, it basically means that it might not be a full-on downtrend in this case red, because it's in a range and it might be a wrong signal. So, you can use this range as well to make sure that you are basically not getting fooled, cuz a sideways market can fool both bulls and bears. So, what I'm doing is, when I go around here and I find a green uptrend and I see a range, I don't take it seriously, not yet. I want to wait until the range is empty, it's gone, right? And then you have the status column, the trade date, and the P&L. Now, because this is an indicator, it's actually not trading, but it helps you to have this information. Let me show you how it helps you. Now, let's say that you find this coin here and you want to consider investing or automating this. But you can see that since it flipped green, this is an open trade since it flipped green, and it didn't yet flip red, means it went up 63%. You might be late, right? So, this one is less relevant than for example this one over here, which is only up 4% and you still have a good chance to capture the rest of the move, right? So, that is why this is a simulated trade that starts in the green and ends in the red. Keep in mind that you can easily find assets like these which are gray, not yet red, not yet downtrend, and that's why the trade is still open, right? So, this is something where I wouldn't get into because it's already weakening. So, why would I go into this, right? I want to go into something that flipped green recently, that didn't yet pump that much. Those are the best opportunities. Now, how exactly to play this, I will show you later in this video. So, stick around. Now, what happens if I sort this table by status top down to have all the open ones on the top. And that shows me all the assets that already had a green uptrend trend flip, and also their profit since then. And you can see some of them are 580%, 240% here. It's a lot, but it also shows me that there is so much opportunity, right? All of these other assets, they didn't yet have their uptrends. Those are top 100 by market cap assets, right? And you can also see that nicely in the trend history chart where most cryptos 79% are red. They're in a downtrend. And this is the opportunity, right? You want to enter early, right? Not when everything is green already. And also not when we look at stocks, also not when it's basically 50/50, because it looks like this is deteriorating, right? You see that there was a crossover. There are now more bearish assets than bullish assets. So, this is not necessarily an asset class I want to enter now. Also, you can see most of them, a lot of them are still in their uptrend, and they made massive profits. Yes, some of them are red, of course, you can't make money on everything, yeah? But if you had access to this, look at how much money you could have made just by following the simple green red trend flips. Of course, you would use way better strategies than that. This is just to tell you that the asset matters, right? But this is crazy. And then also metals, you can see that most of them are up and already green. It's too late to enter, right? You should have entered here in 2023 or 25 in February or so on, right? You cannot simply enter now in markets like this, right? And also commodities fully green, there is no opportunity, guys, right? It's pretty much late. But for crypto, you can see the opportunity because it's the delta between the red assets and the green assets, right? And that is why the trend trader is so important to be used early on, like right now. And it looks like crypto gives us a massive opportunity, but you need to be ready, and that's why I'm making this video right now, and I do hope that you have been paying attention to take full advantage of this. So, those are the basics, but how to use this on a daily basis? Let's check it out. On a daily basis, I will go through all of these asset classes and search for trend flips, and that is why the table is sorted by default by trend flipped top-down. And that means if I go top-down and I find the first green one, that should spark my interest because it means it flipped green very recently, and I don't want to be late, right? So, let's check out Render. Let's click on this to open the chart. And I can see that indeed recently Render flipped bullish, and that should spark my interest to dig deeper. Now, what I can do now is I can simply open up strategies that I have available to me, for example, the Gaussian Channel, and I can see how does it perform on this asset? Or I can open up the Ichimoku on the 4-hour and see how does this perform on this asset? Do I want to use this strategy on this asset to automate with, or do I have something better? For example, Bot 2 Slow Stock Strategy, which has a higher profit, but also has a higher drawdown in this particular case. Or you want to build your own trading strategy with AI using the backtesting engine. I will link a video up top on how to do that. And once I know which strategy I want to automate for Render, I click on bots, and I I on create a bot, and then I create a bot on the exchange that I want and I automate the strategy on that asset on my exchange so that I don't have to baby sit this and other investments because I don't have time. I want to build a portfolio that is fully automatic, which is exactly what I have over here and it also avoids emotional trading and missing signals because the execution is automatic. Huge benefit. And if you don't know yet how to automate a trading strategy, even though I have made a lot of videos about this, I will link one of those videos now on the top right corner. And because I mentioned the Gaussian channel and the Ichimoku strategy before, in case you don't know where to find them, click on strategies here on the top. Here you find them, click on get access now, put your TradingView username, click on give access, you see the confetti, and then just follow the instructions and there are also videos. Let's go back to the Trend Radar cryptos. We were looking at Render, right? Because it has an uptrend, it happened recently, no range, which is great, gives it a higher probability of success, and as well, just 5.72% profit since the uptrend, that is not a lot, so still early, I can still take this into account, right? So that's how I use this report. Now, if I want to find the next asset, I'll go further down and this is the next one, green, no range, only 4.16% profit since then. Of course, this report was created in the night, so this could have changed slightly, but this is a good candidate, right? I would click on this and again, I would apply strategies, I would create my own strategies, right? And I would want to trade this asset because it's moving, okay? Very simple thing. And the next one would be this one, Monad, but this one already pumped 36%. I mean, still good candidate, I guess, but then it becomes less probable. I might be late, okay? I might be late on this one. And then you can see the towel one, which 14% is not a lot, I think for crypto, right? But then you will see one with a range. So this one is Tron and it has an uptrend. It's not very recent. It's 18th of March and it has a range and uh I would not look at this. I mean, I'm late on this one, basically, right? So, the further down I go, the later I am and the less I should take it into account. I mean, for example, the Venice token here, which made 240% profit, definitely I'm late on that, right? I don't even have to look at this. And that is why I'm telling you guys, you need to look at this every day because otherwise you miss out on this trend flips. You have to be early on, right? So, I've shown you some of them already, but really guys, you need to take this seriously. You cannot miss out. You have to come here every day and check out the asset classes you want to trade. I think crypto has the highest probability of success for the next 6 months. We'll see. The report clearly shows that there is a lot to gain here and that is why I'm looking at crypto every day to find good opportunities. You see, guys, it's very simple to apply. Now, let's summarize the process I use on a daily basis with the trend radar. I open it up. I go through all the asset classes top down the way I showed you before. Open the chart. Put the strategies I have access to and yes, I have access to pretty good strategies. You can have the same access. I will tell you later on how. And then I simply automate the strategies that I want to use on this assets and that's it. And this way I avoid emotions. I avoid missing trading signals. I have the best execution and also I don't forget selling and I take my profits to not ride it all the way back down again. Now, guys, I told you that Boat Too Slow is an indicator that is from my master class and it's applied on stocks, metals, and commodities and that is correct. The Gaussian channel strategy can be used by anyone. You don't have to join my course whatsoever and it will work for crypto top 50 assets, very powerful as well. The only thing is it doesn't work for stocks, metals, or commodities simply because it's not a good enough trend indicator for those asset classes. So, I only open it up for crypto. But, if you want full access and your portfolio is larger than $25,000, then anyway you need more than trading strategies. You need to learn how to play the market, no matter what. I've built a process that I'm using for 8 years now. These are the trading strategies. Click on them, you will see every trade they took, and you will learn how to play the market, no matter what it throws at you. Because a lot of people think the strategies are the most important element, and they are not. And you know this already if you're watching this, because you also need to learn, and that's why this is an educational program. You need to learn how to build a risk-adjusted portfolio, how and when to rebalance your portfolio depending on what's happening in the market, how to decide which strategy to use based on mathematics, how much money to invest in each asset automation, and as well how to use the trend radar and have full access to all asset classes with the best trend detector in the industry. But, the thing is this is not for everyone, and I learned this over time, and that's why we have an application process where we talk to each other and figure out if it's a match. And the reason is simply because I don't want members who think they can get rich quick without putting in the work, without understanding a process, without managing risk. And that is why we have this application process, but before you apply, please do your research, watch this video, read the reviews, maybe check me out on LinkedIn, on Google, do whatever you have to, and apply only when you think this makes a lot of sense for you. All right? And if you like it, then make sure to click on apply for access, and if it's a match, you can join. This was a lot, guys. It took me forever to make this video. It's even getting dark already. You can see the light is yellow from my indoor lighting, but I hope I added massive value with this feature. Let me know down in the comments what else would you like from this feature. If you like it, if you don't like it, leave a like if it added any value. And if you still have any mental capacity, you want to continue educating yourself because well, the entire channel is educational, right? To help you guys as much as possible, then you might want to learn how to use AI to build trading strategies. It can even improve your existing trading strategies while the AI does most of the work and takes care to not make mistakes. And if that's the case, then this is the next video you should watch. TradingView Uh-huh. Ooh, yeah. Ooh, yeah. Strategies, we know what to do. Yeah. Ooh, yeah. Yeah. Stop loss set, watch the price rise and fall.
