That's right, guys. AI is now capable of improving your trading strategies while you're sleeping, and I'm not even kidding. Using the backtesting engine that I've developed, AI can finally iterate through its own ideas and only give you a strategy if it's better than before. This is a game-changer, and these are the results. I gave it the Supertrend strategy. It has rookie numbers, as you can see, and this is how the AI improved it. Quite impressive. And then I thought, what if it can create a better strategy than my Bot Fast Reentry from the masterclass if I give it enough time. So, I went to sleep and I let it calculate. And then I woke up to this. The AI was able to create a strategy that makes it into my top three risk-reward ranking. Wow. As you can see, it iterated a few times. It didn't manage to beat my own strategy, but holy moly, it's better than a variation of it. And for me, this is enough to make this video to give you the same power that I have right now. And as I always say in my introduction, I want you guys to be ahead of the herd, all right? So, if you don't watch this video, you're missing out on a massive game-changer in trading. And in about 10 minutes from now, if you continue watching this video, you will know everything you need to know to use this for yourself. You only need two things for that: Claude Opus 4.6 and as well my backtesting engine, which is the magic sauce. Without it, it wouldn't work. And guys, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you because otherwise, the YouTube algorithm will never know, and also you're supporting this channel. Also, remember this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money, guys, and that is why I run this educational channel so that you are always ahead of the herd. Subscribe and let's go. How does this all work? Let me show you top-down before we go into the details and I show you step by step how you can use this yourself. So, this is Claude Code, which you can download from claude.com/download. I will put the link down below, and choose your app, macOS or Windows. And when you open it up, it will look something like this. Of course, the session will be empty, right? And then I use Claude Code, and this will be very relevant. Make sure to click on Claude Code, right? And then I'm using Opus 4.6 because it's the absolute best coding model on the planet, right? And then I choose a path on my disk. I will show you later in the demo so that it can actually have access to the backtesting engine, which gives it the chart data and also gives it the engine so that it knows how to run backtests properly, and then it can create strategies for me, which is exactly what it did over here. And by the way, you get access to this engine as a zip file. I will show you that later. And then you give it the prompts that I have prepared for you, right? So, first of all, you start with backtest the strategy just so that you see it has the same numbers as TradingView. And then once the numbers match, which they mostly do, right? Then you can tell it to improve the strategy with this prompt. And as you can see here, it ran the backtest and it gave me the numbers. This is the strategy that it ran the backtest for. Let's put this in TradingView and compare the numbers. As you can see here, 47.76% P&L, 15.15 max drawdown, 67 trades. 67 trades, 15.15% max drawdown, and 44.33% P&L. And the reason for this difference is simply that in TradingView, the data moved on and as well there is an open trade while my AI has data only until a few days prior. Pretty good, right? But of course, those are rookie numbers. So, I asked the AI to improve the strategy. So, I gave it this prompt over here, which you can find here. The link will be down below, and this one here is even better than the one I used. And then it went ahead and did its job, and it came up with a better strategy. Why is it better? It's because it has lower drawdown, as you can see, going down from 15 to 4.3, and as well improving the P&L. Yes, it's still a boring strategy, but the whole point here is that it was able to improve it even, right? Fully by itself. And then I said, "Just try to improve it further." And then it continued and came up with even more variations. So, now it has one that has even more profit. Pretty cool. The drawdown is still pretty low at 4.25 compared to 4.3 before, and definitely better than the original version. And then I just told it to mess around even more, right? And so on and so on until it was able to produce this version over here, which is V4, which is a massive improvement to what we had before. This is 3,605% profit with a drawdown of 16.11, which is justified, right? Because of the high profit. Let's look at that strategy on the chart. This is the file. Just copy the code, put it in TradingView, save, and let's check the numbers. Ta-da! As you can see, these are exactly the numbers that the AI also came up with, and the strategy is definitely much better than before. Do you see the power of this? The AI did all the work. I just told it, "Improve it even more. Even more. More, please. Try again." You see what I'm saying? Now, I don't have to sit around, copy code back and forth. I only take the best strategy, put it to TradingView, and that's it. Of course, I can take that strategy now and automate it with Signum, as we always do on this channel, so that I can follow the signals of the strategy fully automatically. You see, we're automating everything on this channel, hence the name Michael Automates. And if you want to learn how to automate any TradingView strategy, especially the ones that you create with this AI, I will put a link to a video up top. You can watch it after this one. And this is what the AI did in search of a better strategy than my Bot Fast Reentry, and as you can see, it's a massive amount of work, which it did while I was asleep. I'm not kidding you guys. I woke up and I found this. This is my ranking system, and this is the strategy that the AI came up with. It made it into the top three. This is sorted by the score. I have my own risk-reward score. Bot Fast Reentry is still number one, right? And also a variation of that, but this strategy came out of nowhere and made it into the top three. That is very, very impressive. And as you can see here, the AI was testing multiple variations of the same idea until it was able to beat this variation, and then it stopped. And this is how the Supertrend V4 strategy scores that I showed you in the beginning of the video. It's in the top 10 on eighth place. And this is the ranking for the buy-and-hold strategy. Do I need to say more? And for the ones who are following this channel longer, you might know the Gaussian Channel Strategy 3.1, which now is 3.3. And yes, shorting is risky, so it gets a lower score. That's what I told you all the time. Even the AI knows this, right? And then you have the Ichimoku 2.1, which is also in Signum, which you can use right now. And there is a new Ichimoku which the AI created, which I didn't release yet. I will still have to decide if I put it in Signum or in my masterclass. Do you see how powerful this is, guys, right? It changes my life completely because I can give it a mission. I can say, "Make a strategy that is better than this." And it goes and does its thing, right? And I come back and I see the result, and I can just go about drinking my coffee, and I don't have to mess around with versions of the strategies that actually don't make any sense. Cheers. And again, the reason why it can do this is the backtesting engine. It can run backtests to see if its ideas make any sense. And before I get a comment about overfitting or curve fitting, I know about this problem, of course, and I avoid it by testing on a lot of assets and then compiling a score. Of course, it has to have good results on multiple assets from the same asset class. That is basic for me, but maybe not basic for you. So, if you ask the AI to come up with a scoring system for your strategies, for which I created a prompt that you can use also in the Google document, linked down below, and it will instruct the AI to test on all the assets in the data folder and not just Bitcoin, okay? Classic mistake. This will avoid it. All right. Now, you want to get access to the backtesting engine to have all of these benefits? Let me show you how to do that. On the page behind me, you can get access to this backtesting engine. You get your zip file, you put it in the folder, and the AI will know exactly how to use it. I'm sorry this is not for free because this is such a game-changer, and we already have hundreds of people purchasing this. So, the price for this game-changer is 99 bucks one time, yes. And every time I have any improvements, I will put them there, and you will benefit from that. This is already version 21. The first people purchasing this, they purchased version three. Can you imagine? The link will be down below, and the next section of the video is about using this. So, if you don't have it, you can't use it, and then it doesn't make sense to continue watching the video, in my opinion. But then if you don't have it, then how do you compete with somebody that creates strategies while they're sleeping? Once you have your backtesting engine zip file, make a folder on your computer for this project for creating and improving trading strategies, unzip it, then go to Claude, make a new session, right? Click on code, click on Opus 4.6, right? And by the way, Sonnet 4.6 also works, right? If you don't have enough tokens, but sometimes it makes mistakes when coding Pine Script. Not big mistakes. It's mostly about plotting some stuff on the chart, which doesn't really impact the trading logic, but I use Opus 4.6. It's really the absolute best. And then choose the folder, right? So, I'm going to choose exactly that folder. For me, it's YouTube demo, and I choose the entire folder, okay? Just open. Now, on Claude, you need to also have a paid subscription in order to not run into limitations like in the first 5 minutes, right? Of course, you can start with the pro plan, and it's fine. And you can even start with Sonnet, which uses less tokens and so on. But if you're really serious about this, you would go for the max plan, okay? I pay 200 bucks, so I have the maximum limits possible. And this is not a big issue for me because I'm not going to pay this forever. I'm just paying it as long as I run this to create strategies. Once I'm happy, I can just cancel or I can downgrade. The next thing you need to do is to put a strategy in the strategies folder that you wanted to work on. And I chose the super trend strategy as a demo because everyone has access to this, right? So, click on indicators, it opens this window, click on technical strategies, right? Scroll down and this is the strategy. Keep in mind when you click on it, it will actually the trade on the entire history of Bitcoin, which of course is not a good idea, right? But it's also another thing that the backtesting engine takes care of when you give it the code. So, click on these brackets to get the code. Just copy this, click on the Pine Script file and duplicate it. Rename it to Super Trend V1. Open it and put the code in there, save it. Now, copy the file name so we can put it in the prompt and go to the prompt document, link is down below, and let's run this because we want to make sure the backtest results are the same as in TradingView. And here you can see there are two things to replace, the version of the backtesting engine in case you have multiple in your folder, you can tell it which one to use. And then as well, which strategy to work on. And this is the one we just copy-pasted, right? And also I wanted to work on Bitcoin USD one day chart, for which it has the data already baked into the zip file. It's here. It also has the data for weekly and four-hourly for all of these assets. So, copy the prompt, go back to Claude, remember you have selected the right folder, you have Opus, you are in Claude code mode, put the prompt in there, and let's go. Yes, trust the workspace, and now Claude will do its thing. This can take some time and sometimes it will ask you some questions. Just allow it to do its thing. And now is a good time to put on my You Need a Strategy Hat. By the way, down below you can get yours because we're building strategies. Without a strategy, what are you doing? Let's get back to Claude. All right, Claude has a question. It wants to create a new file, allow. I will explain to you this later. It's very important what it did there. Now it's creating the Python version of the same strategy so it can run backtests. And there it is. It wants to run this command, I will allow it. Ta-da! We have the backtest. Let's check it out. These are the numbers, pretty much exactly the same numbers that I showed you in the beginning of the video, but what matters a lot is what it did over here because the strategy came without a date range, meaning that it was trading on the entire chart. That's for crypto not a good idea, so it added that to the Pine Script code. Commission was zero. That is not realistic, so it set it to 0.1. Then slippage is zero because we cannot simulate slippage. That's uh needs tick data, we don't have this, right? Then this margin long zero, margin short zero, it has to be set like this because TradingView has bugs, okay? If you set this to another number, you have issues and uh I don't know why they don't fix this. So, the backtesting engine knows this and it sets them to zero, okay? And then also initial capital was not set, so we set it, okay? So, it's not a huge number that looks unrealistic. Anyway, we're going to look at percentages, so it's fine, but just to be sure. And what it did, right? It actually changed the code of the original Pine Script. So, now it's not exactly the same anymore as the one from TradingView. But that's fine because we want to have a clean strategy, so open it up, copy the code that it now has changed, go to TradingView and create a new strategy and paste it there and add it to your chart. Once you've done that, you will see the backtesting results and I want you to compare them with the ones from the AI. And you will see they match. Again, remember there is an open trade and in that case, if your chart data that you have in this folder is not exactly up to par today, of course then that last trade will not match perfectly, but that doesn't really matter. One trade will not change the entire result of the strategy. So, once you're happy with the numbers matching the ones from TradingView, you can go ahead and do what really matters, which is to take this prompt and ask the AI to improve your strategy fully automatically, right? That's the magic. So, copy this, go to Claude and simply paste in the prompt and let it work. And yes, this will take quite some time, but you don't have to sit here, right? Go do something else. Well, I will cut for you, yeah? So, you don't waste your time, but I have to sit here and wait for this to finish. As you can see, it has a plan, analyzing, then researching, then implementing, and then selecting the best performing one. Optimal. I will come back when this is done. Let's allow him to do this as well. See you later. Let's go. After about 10 minutes, Claude came up with a better version, V2 optimized. And as you can see here, it's now at 359% profit instead of 44%, way better, right? But you know, the thing is that in the past, it would have given you these numbers anyway, but are they correct? Let's check it in TradingView. You can see as well that it created this new Pine Script strategy, V2, so we can just copy-paste it. In the strategies folder, you will find it here, open it up, copy the code, go to TradingView, replace the code, save it, and ta-da! These are the numbers and you can check them, they're exactly the same as the AI said. And this matters because now you know you can trust the numbers that the AI gives you and then also the resulting strategy because they match with TradingView numbers. What's the next step? Well, you go back to Claude and tell it to try some more and it will give you more variations and of course it has to always be better. And better is relative, but just ask the AI to come up with a scoring system. In fact, in the prompt document, there is a prompt for exactly that. I will not show how to do a scoring system in this video, you have the prompt. I will do another video for that, so make sure to subscribe and click the bell. Also, like the video. What do you do if the AI gives you backtest numbers that don't match with TradingView's numbers? Well, that can have several reasons. Usually it's that your data that you have in your backtesting engine, I mean, in this folder here in the data folder, is too old and TradingView is way further in the future and has more trades than you can have because your data is old. So, in that case, just simply download the chart data fresh and go from there. There is a cool feature also built into the engine, you can ask it to download the data itself from the internet and it will go through a list of priorities like Binance, Coinbase, Kraken, and so on and it will fetch the data for you. The thing is only that it might not be able to go that far back in the past, but for Binance charts, it works quite well. So, you don't even have to download from TradingView because I've built in a feature to do it for you. And this is how it works, you simply tell it to download the data that you need, those USD one day and one week data from the internet and it knows what to do, right? And then it went to Binance, that's the first priority that it has, right? It has Binance, Coinbase, Kraken, and then some more. And it put them into the data folder, into the cache folder. It's a new folder it created. And so, here is the data that it downloaded from the internet and it will be able now to work with this data for your backtests. Isn't that awesome? But like I mentioned before, for example, the date range for this data doesn't go back to 2018, but let's see if those even existed back then. Yes, the Binance chart on TradingView does have data before 2019. So, just keep in mind when you backtest on TradingView to test on the same date range that you also have in your data folder, right? Cuz otherwise, of course you have more trades in the past that you cannot have in your backtesting engine. Again, you can ask the AI to help you with this, it's very easy. But what if the numbers still don't match between TradingView and the AI? There is a solution to this. Go to TradingView and download the strategies report. But before you do that, you have to make sure couple of things are set up properly. First, the strategy that you're comparing to has to be open, obviously, and only that strategy, right? So, you don't get confused. Make sure you're on the right chart and on the right time frame. And as well, you have to have this set to UTC. And the reason why this has to be UTC over here is because when you download the chart data from TradingView or when you fetch it from the internet, right? The AI fetches it, it's in the Unix timestamp. It's UTC, right? So, your backtest has to also be in UTC. And it's kind of a trap that TradingView does this, but you need to set this to UTC, otherwise the trades will never match up, okay? Okay, so you have all of this, then you click here and you click on download data as Excel. Place the Excel in the strategies folder and rename it to the strategy's name that you're trying to debug, right? In our case, it was Super Trend V2. So, I copy Super Trend V2, I rename this Excel, and now you can see, right? We have the Pine Script, the Python version it created automatically, and the Excel. And now we can use this prompt to tell the AI to evaluate the strategy against the TradingView numbers. And as you can see here, I have the wrong name, so I have to put Super Trend V2, Super Trend V2. I copy the prompt, I go to the AI, I paste it in there, and I let it work. What the AI will do is it will do trade by trade comparison, right? And then it will basically tell you where the differences are. You can also tell it which number is off so they can focus on that. And then once it figured it out, it might tell you that your chart data is still not up to date, right? Or it might tell you that you're using a feature that it cannot backtest because it doesn't have access to this type of data or this type of library that you were using in Pine Script, right? So, there are situations where Pine Script is still further ahead because it's closed source. I don't know every single function they have. So, if you're using something that I've never seen before, then maybe the AI cannot backtest it, but it can figure it out, which is why you need to give it this Excel file, because then it can figure out the nuances, and it can and this is crazy it can change the backtesting engine code on your machine to have this additional feature to now calculate it properly. So, you don't need to wait for me to improve this engine. You can do it yourself using this method. Okay? It's crazy. If your crypto portfolio is $25,000 or more, you need more than just trading strategies. Consider the auto trading masterclass, where I teach you my entire process, everything I use myself, and of course, you get access to the bot to fast re-entry strategy, which is the best strategy for the crypto industry. But, it's not about strategies only, because you need to also learn how to deal with all sorts of situations in the markets, emotions, how to build a portfolio, how to spread your funds across assets, and we have solutions for all of that. I will teach you exactly what I'm doing, how I'm doing this, and as well, you get access to the AI trend radar, where you can see which assets trend upwards or downwards, so you never miss out on a trending asset. This is the best way to find new coins in the beginnings of the bull market, for example. So, if this is for you, then make sure to watch this video. If you still like what you're hearing there, please do your research. This is limited to 1,000 members only. Check the reviews, but if you consider to speak to me or to my team to get access, this is a VIP group, yeah? So, not everyone will get access. We want to make sure the mindset of the people joining is proper long-term, lower risk, higher portfolio value, right? Then, click on apply for access. We will talk, and if it's a match, then you can join. All right, guys. And now you know how to use AI to create strategies while you are sleeping, and it's not even exaggerated, okay? Let me know down below what you think about all of this, and also come to the Telegram group, link down below, if you have any questions. We are a massive Telegram group, okay? Where we help each other build systems and strategies and automate, right? If you then want to automate strategy that you have just created with AI, and also if you want to do that on a decentralized exchange, the easiest way possible, then this is the next video you must watch. >> [music] >> It's trade view. Oh, yeah. >> [music] >> Oh, yeah. Strategies, we know what to do. >> [music] >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. Stop loss set, watch the price rise [music] and fall.
