That's right, guys. Open Claw has taken the world by storm. Formerly was known as Claudebot. But what I care about is, can it trade for us? Can it create a trading strategy? Can it execute that strategy on my exchange fully automatically? Can it improve the strategy? And can it also, and this is madness, can it also adapt the strategy and pick the right one depending on what is actually happening in the markets? With normal AIs like Claude or Chachi, this is definitely not possible. But with this AI, the answer to most of these questions is yes. And that is why I'm making this video because it's mind-blowing. In this video, I'm going to walk you through how I set it up for myself to create trading strategies to have it automatically trade that strategy on my Hyperlquid account. And also, I'm going to show you how you could take advantage of this yourself so you can benefit as fast as possible. But I'm also going to show you the downsides and what you need to take care of because this is not yet ultra polished product, right? So with all of that in mind, guys, this is crazy stuff. Let's get started. And guys, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you because otherwise the YouTube algorithm will never know. And also, you're supporting this channel. Also remember, this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money, guys. And that is why I run this educational channel so that you are always ahead of the herd. Subscribe and let's go. First of all, I want to show you how open claw works for me and how I used it for my testing and use cases and then I will show you how it was trading and then I will show you how you can use it yourself because I don't want to waste your time. So if you don't think that what I did is interesting for you then you don't have to continue watching. that if so right then continue watching when I show you how to create trading strategies with it and also how to install it for yourself. This is how the interface looks like. This is open claw running on my virtual machine. I will show you the setup later on. So this is really a chat. You know this right from the other AIS but the big difference is it can execute any kind of command. Okay, it can install packages that it needs for coding. You don't need to know why but it can, right? It's important. So if he wants to code something in Python and needs a package, it can just do it, right? It can write code which it did over here creating a strategy for the ranging market, a strategy for the trending market, doing back testing, right? Having its own code for running the back test and then giving me the results and then giving a suggestion which strategy to use and in which combination. And these are the files that it created. Strategy trending.js, strategy ranging.js for example, then hyperlquid.js as which is the code that it needs to communicate with hyperlquid API because it can execute the strategies fully automatically and then also back testing. So whenever you see it writing files like this then it puts them into the open claw workspace and in this case in the trading folder that it also created itself and then it goes ahead and schedules the strategies to run. And why is that important? Well, it's because the strategy has to periodically make a trading decision. And if you are on a 4hour chart then you would like every four hours to make a decision right unless you have a stop- loss that's a different topic but you have to look at the chart every four hours that's exactly what happens also on trading view if you have a strategy on the 4 hour right now here because the AI is sleeping it has to wake itself up and with chron jobs which is a normal Linux thing it can wake itself up and run the code that it needs for example here there is one for the hourly trading strategy and one for the 4hourly trading strategy I've experimented printed around. And so here the runs for the hourly, you can see it started at, you know, 11:00 p.m., midnight, 1:00 a.m., 2:00 a.m., and so on. And every time it ran, it made a decision to go in, out, or do nothing. And that's exactly what happened here on my hyperlquid account, which it has full access to. Okay, so here it decided to go long on Bitcoin and it paid the fee for that, right? Trading fee. Then it made a small loss when closing this and then it opened a short. This is a short, right? and then it made a profit on that. Right? So, this was the first ever trading strategy that it created and it also executed it fully automatically by itself. But here's the cool thing. You can run multiple strategies in parallel, okay? Because nobody stops you from scheduling one strategy, another one, a third one, a fourth one, however many strategies you want to schedule. And for example, this one is on a 4hour chart. So, it wakes up only every 4 hours. Let me put myself on the other side. So, this wakes up every four hours. makes a decision what to do next and then it will tell me in the chat what happened. If it doesn't tell me, by the way, you might have this problem, then just ask it, hey, give me an update and it will tell you exactly what happened. But what I usually do is I go to my hyperlquid account and I reload and I see what is actually going on there. And right now there are no positions because the latest and greatest strategy that I have deployed on this system is right now out of the market. Before I show you how to use this yourself, I think you have to fully understand what I did here and also how it's different from the normal AI because my open claw installation on my virtual server, right? Which runs on AWS. If you don't know what it is, don't worry about it. It's a virtual machine on the internet. It actually does use cloud as well, right? Because claude is the AI that has a brain. Okay? But there is a big difference between using claude directly and also using it through open claw, right? So, OpenClaw has been installed here on my virtual machine and this thing is basically OpenClaw AI running on my machine and deciding how to communicate with Hyperlquid, how to trade and so on fully by itself. And the difference is okay that if you go into the normal claw interface, then it's very transactional. You can tell it to write some code to create a trading strategy. It will give you that in the chat or as a file, but then that's where the conversation ends and it doesn't execute it for you. It doesn't reflect on its actions. it doesn't change its plan, okay? Because it can't. But check this out, right? If you run this AI in this way with OpenClaw on your own machine, then you have a couple of benefits which are game-changing, right? So yes, it can write code. Yes, it can give you that code. But actually what it does, it stores the trading strategy code somewhere in the file system and then it executes that trading strategy periodically with a chrome job which I showed you before. For a trading strategy that runs on the 1 hour chart, it will wake itself up every hour, right? Make a decision, then place the trade or do nothing, whatever it is, report back to me, and then go back to sleep. Okay? And for a 4hour trading strategy, it will wake itself up every four hours and so on. Okay? And that is the magic because let's say it wakes itself up and what you told it to do is not only to execute the trading strategy but also to reflect on the past performance of that trading strategy and to adapt it to the new market conditions. And that is why this is so powerful guys. Now is the time when you guys say okay Michael cool love it let me try this. How do I install this? Okay. And here is the problem because this is a developer focused solution. Okay. I mean look at the installation guideline here on openclaw.ai. It says run this on your terminal. I mean what the hell? So basically if you run this on your personal machine then the AI will run with the same permissions as you have on that machine. And that's not great. Yes. Because it can read all your personal files. Okay. It can theoretically send them to the internet. It can delete them even. Okay. So, it's definitely not recommended to run this on your personal machine. Okay, but how else to run this, Michael? I need a solution now. Sure, I get it, right? So, here's the thing. You have two options. One option is get a Mac Mini. Okay, don't ask why. Mac Mini has the right operating system, Unix based. You can run this command and it's a completely fresh installation and you can just use it without compromising your personal data. Right. The other option you have is that you can run it as a virtual machine okay in the internet in the cloud. But then now you need to know how to set up such a machine, how to manage a server. Okay, it's a server really. And that gets a little bit tricky. Okay, because in the in the physical machine you can just put a keyboard, you can put a monitor and you can mess with it. Okay, but if it's a virtual machine suddenly you need to connect with it over SSH and it's it's complicated. Okay, now I have tried guys. Okay, and let me make a deal with you. Okay, I've tried to find a solution where you can click three buttons and it works. But all of these solutions have issues that don't work for trading because either it cannot install packages for coding and then it can't code the hyperlquid integration. Not great. Or it works for coding but then the machine shuts down. It goes to sleep if you're not chatting with it but it needs to be running. Okay? It needs to make trades, right? If the machine shuts down then the chron job wouldn't wake up anything and then there is no trading. Okay? Stupid. It's not what we're looking for. Okay? So, I've been testing the droplets from Digital Ocean. Also, I've been testing emergent.sh, right? It's an app creation thing, which but doesn't work, okay? Because they all have this issue. So, the deal that I want to make with you guys, okay, because I wanted to get this video out. If I wait until there is the perfect solution, this video will never get out, okay? The deal is this. You subscribe to this channel, you click the bell icon, I continue researching a simple method for non-developers to get this to run. Okay? And I will share one more thing with you. So if you have it running then this is how you can continue having it trade on your hyperlquid account. Let's check that out. I put together a document this document link is down below where I have the prompts that you need to use for this AI. So once you have it, okay, one of the first messages will be this one. Okay, this is a prompt and you tell it to connect to your Hyperlid exchange using these API keys. Okay, and you have to give it three things. I know because I'm using Hyperlid already. I mean AI would help you anyway but this is a prompt that works immediately. Public wallet address, API wallet address and private key. Okay, how to get that on hyperlquid? Click on more. Click on API. Then here give it a name. I call it openclaw YouTube for you guys. And then here click on generate. You can click however many times you like. And then authorize API wallet. So this is already your API wallet address. Okay, this is the one you copy over and you put it over here. Okay, and then this is your private key and you copy that and you put it here. You replace this, right? And then here in the days valid field, you have to click on max. So this API key has a validity of 180 days, right? And then you click authorize and then you need the public address that is to be found over here. You click here to copy it and you put it over here. And then you copy the entire prompt and you give it to the open claw AI. Okay? And you let it code and it was going to do its thing. Okay? And then basically I told it in order to prove that its integration works, I wanted to set the Bitcoin leverage to seven. That means if I go to the trading interface here, it would have set the Bitcoin USDC trading leverage to instead of 10 to seven. Okay? Or some number that it's not already on. Okay? Because then it means it works. So that is the test. It's a simple test without triggering any trade and that is usually a better way to do this test. The next thing to do is to make it create a trading strategy and schedule it. Okay, so here create a trading strategy to trade Bitcoin USD on the 4hour chart. I said trend following because I know that's the best way to do it. Not financial advice, but even the AI said so. Long and short, come up with the strategy and fetch the chart data from Hyperlquid to run back tests. Okay. So, make it run a back test. Okay. Don't allow it to tell you this is a great strategy without numbers. Okay. And it will just run the back test on the data that it gets, the chart data that it gets from Hyperlink. It's all free. Okay? So then show me the results so we can come up with a good strategy together and continue talking to it. Right? This is a conversation. It's not going to have the best thing ever in the first try. It doesn't make any sense, right? So have a collaborative approach, okay? and schedule and tell it to schedule the strategy to trade automatically, right? And it will do that. It works fine. And then ask to run back test before you commit running any strategy. I mean, this is very important. Okay? And then also ask the AI to give its opinion, right? As if you talk to a developer because the AI can see multiple data points at the same time and it can tell you look if you take this strategy, it has this downside and compared to this other thing, this is better. Okay? Based on the back test, right? And that helps quite a lot. It gives very good information and that's exactly what it did when I asked it to compare this strategy with that strategy. Okay? And it gave me the KPIs from the back test. It gave me where they are good, where they're bad and also its recommendation. And then I can choose what to do next. And that's cool, right? Because I want to learn this stuff. I want to collaborate with the AI because then I have my unique system that no one else has. And then I have an edge in the market. If you want a ready-made system that you can use out of the box and has been working for many years, then consider the autotrading masterass. It comes with all my knowledge, my trading strategies, of course, access to my VIP group. All of my knowledge is here in the curriculum to deal with any and every situation that the market throws at you. You will also learn how to build a risk adjusted portfolio, which is an absolute gamecher for anyone in this market. So, if this sounds interesting to you, then do a little bit of research to see if this is really for you. Watch this video here and also check the reviews and as well read the website, okay? Please, because this is limited to thousand members only, it says over here and it might be for you, then I love to have you with us, but it might not be. It really depends where you are on your journey. If you're new to the market, it might not be for you, okay? Because you still have to learn a couple of things. But if you're already in the crypto market for a while, you have seen how good and bad it can be and you've tried some other things and you are still searching for the right program and the right process for you, then this might be the solution you're looking for. Also, check the review videos. These are members and I'm really happy they sent these videos because they're very busy people and I'm very happy we have them. So, check them out. see what they're saying and if this is for you, okay, if this makes a lot of sense for you, then click on the apply for access button over here and we will talk. And if it's a good match, then I love to have you with us. What a journey this was to figure out this new AI, open claw, cloudbot, moldboard, whatever it's called. For me, it was a lot of work to be honest because I had to figure out so many new things in order to distill it into this video for you guys. But what is the conclusion? My conclusion is that this thing is going to change retail trading forever. Okay? Because at some point it's easy enough to run this thing. Okay? Even if you're not a developer or don't have tech skills, okay? And even today you can run it on your Mac Mini. Okay? Go and buy one, put it, it will work. Okay? And imagine that is your trading hub. Okay? You tell it what to do. You communicate with it. You see the results and so on. It will trade for you. Okay? It can trade crypto. But I'm pretty sure you can get it to also trade on your interactive brokers. Okay, pretty sure because they have APIs. The only downside that you need to take care of is the costs that you have for running this AI. Okay, because well it's connected to Claude in my case and so far it spent $32.69. Perfect number, right? And uh the thing is that it's running for like 2 days. Okay, like if you multiply this up, it's about 500 bucks a month. Fine. I mean, I guess it's fine for me, but is it fine for you? Okay, so my final conclusion is amazing stuff. Definitely going to change the game. Not just for trading, but for trading because that's what I do on this channel 100%. 100%. Okay, because you can run strategies on your own machine. You can figure them out. It's crazy. Okay. So if you don't know this stuff or if you don't get excited about this stuff, you will get left behind. I mean what you can do is you can join autotrading which will be up to date and stuff. Fine. Then you don't need to figure it out yourself, right? A quick surprise for people who are watching this video until the end. This is a 20% coupon if you want to join auto trading. Just mention the word claw when you apply. But this is definitely going to make a dent when it comes to the trading space, the retail investor, cuz retail investor now gets more power than ever before. The costs are a topic, right? So, of course, I could have tried with a cheaper model, but I wanted the fullest power, the the biggest AI I can get because I didn't want to mess around. Okay? But of course, you can try to use cheaper models that also Claude offers or other AIs offer, right? But basically, it is too nerdy right now and it's too expensive for most people, okay? But that will change very quickly and that's why I think you should keep your eyes on this thing. So, make sure to be subscribed. I will make way more videos about this. Let me know down below which type of videos about this AI you want me to make. For example, if you want a tutorial on how I set it up myself so that you can do exactly the same, even though it's a bit techy, but I might come up with something that is easy to understand. Well then let me know down below because if that's requested well then it will be done. Yes. So your comments down below will be very helpful. At this point in the video I recommend the next video to watch but I struggle to pick a video that can follow this one because this is a completely new topic. I mean it's a trading AI agent and what else would relate to this? I don't know. Right. So, I chose to pick a very simple video after this one because this one was a bit more advanced, right? You might agree. So, if you want to automate your crypto portfolio with the strategy that I have created that is pretty much free to use and you can get started in 5 minutes, you don't have to install anything complicated at all. You just have to go to a website. Yes. Then this is the next video you should watch. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. >> Strategies. We know what to do. Yeah. Do you stop loses set? Watch the bus rise and
