That's right, guys. This is a very important video. You have to learn that you must time the market. There is no way around it. I know people are saying that you should not try to time the market. It's a bad idea. But actually, I think it's exactly the opposite. And let me show you why that is the case. Now, when would you ever use your profits for anything? Is it when the market goes up or is it when the market is over and you can finally take your profits and have fun with them? Right? But if you don't actually time it and you write it down, you will never make use of these profits ever. Okay? So why do you even care about making profits if you don't have any plan for using those profits? So you must time the market. I will also show you how the interest rates play a role, a massive role in your life, okay? Because if you have money while interest rates are low, you can do what? You can buy assets cheap, right? because you can leverage with the bank. Let's say you buy an apartment, it's super cheap to do that, right? But if you don't time it roughly, okay, you will never make use of these profits because you write it all down. You give it all back. Okay? So, I'm sorry to say, but time in the market like some people say does not apply for crypto and risk assets. Okay? applies only for like indices like S&P 500 or like massive companies that exist for huge amount of time like Microsoft, Apple and so on. But all the others like 99% of risk assets, you cannot stay in them for a long time. You have to time it roughly. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to do that for cryptos. You can fully automate the whole thing. This is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. you can lose all of your money, but you can reduce that risk dramatically by watching this video and the videos from my algo trading playlist. So, make sure to massage this like button. I like a good massage. Click the subscribe, click on the bell, click on all. All right. And now, let's get started. Let's say that you are using a proper strategy, right? And the blue and the red line are equity lines. That means how your portfolio has evolved over time in dollar terms, right? So, if it's higher, it's better. And if it's lower, it's worse. And I compare it with buy and hold strategy. And we're looking at the US interest rates actually at the US, UK, and EU interest rates, right? The EU is blue, the US is red, okay? And the UK one is black. But it doesn't really matter. You just see the trend in general. And the question is this, okay, when would it be the best time to make use of your profits? Okay, and this is the key question because why do you make all these profits? Okay. Why do you make all these profits if you don't use them for something useful? Okay. Okay. So, let's think about this, right? So, would you take the profits out when the market is going up? No. Right? Because it might go further, right? Why would you go out when there's a bull market? You can make more by staying invested, right? So far so good. Not a big problem. But what if the market starts crashing? Okay. Would you then take profits? Well, if you don't time the market right to get out, you will not take profits and you will ride it down. Okay, so far so good. If you time the market, you will not lose that much. You will lose only a little bit and then you out in dollars and now you have money and you can do whatever you like with it. Now, why is that important? So, timing the market is important because check this out. Exactly here, the interest rates are very low, right? So if you take some of the profits out because you are out and you can actually do that right because you are in dollars you can take the money you can go to the bank and you can say hey bank listen I have some cash I want to buy an apartment okay cool interest rates are low they will give you a good deal you put the cash fine great right so you made a great investment for the future so with this approach when you do time the market which is not hard to do by the way you have plus one apartments in your portfolio. Okay? And with this approach, you have zero apartments. And the reason you have zero apartments, right? And I'm taking apartment as a as an example because a lot of people are in real estate. They understand the value of having an apartment long-term, right? Okay. So here you don't do that. Why? Because you are down actually let me measure. You are down about 47% in your portfolio. So the red line is your portfolio line. How it evolves in dollars over time, right? equity lines. You know this from my channel, right? I hope so. And because you are down, you're not going to say, "Oh, let's take the money out and buy an apartment." You will say, "Let's wait for a recovery." Right? Let me know down in the comments how often you said that to yourself. Now, the recovery actually comes and that's good for you, right? Cuz now you're basically back where you started. That's fine, right? But now you're not going to sell because the market is going to $100,000 Bitcoin, right? Like that was exactly the case. like what people said it didn't really happen but that's what people expected right so because you don't sell again you don't time the market this strategy did time it by the way okay you don't time it you write it down now when would you ever have bought an apartment using this strategy that does not time the market which is buy and hold strategy okay when I mean okay so if you play this into the future you will never buy anything because you write it all down again right and so maybe after 10 years or whatever uh you might take something out but that's not good because at every bare market I can buy an apartment but you if you don't time the market you can't cuz you will never feel confident to actually take your funds which are now down pretty much like 70%. You will not take them out and say, "Oh, I will now buy an apartment." You're down. What the hell? Right? So, if you really think about this logically and you actually plan, have a plan for your profits, what to do with the profits, then this is what you would do because it makes sense. If you don't have a plan for your profits, the profits will disappear, right? There is one joke that I learned and I'm sorry for all the women watching. It's not really bad, but just saying. So, prophets are like women. If you don't have a plan what to do with them, they will go somewhere else to somebody that has a plan what to do with them, the prophets. I mean, okay. And that is a weird way to put it, but it is true because if you don't have a plan for the profits, then the world, the universe will take it away. The market will take it away and give it to somebody who needs it, right? Has a plan what to do with the money. Okay? So, if you don't care that you are up in your portfolio and you don't take the profits out to use them for something else, then you're going to lose it. And that's exactly what happens to most of the people, right? So you must time the market. There is no way around it. Okay? And if you have a good strategy, it will just happen automatically or it would just give you good signals. Now you might say, "Yeah, but here I would not take money out." Well, I would. Yes. But okay, there are other times when the the market was timed nicely and the rates were still pretty low, right? So here you could have taken money out as well and the rates were pretty much the same as here to be honest. I mean there is no big difference. And then even here, right? Even if this profit was taken, the rates were okay. Not the best, but they were still fine, right? Compared to now or compared to here in the in the lowest of the bear, where I still have profits, but here now is a bit expensive to borrow money, right? So, I would not do that. See what I mean? Like I have three opportunities. The latest possible is this one. And I still have a good opportunity to get go to the bank and get a good loan. And this is such a massive realization. Okay, you must time the market. There is no way. Okay. And now let me show you one more thing that will drive this point home and shock you even more I guess. So let me first remove all of these lines and then well these ones as well. Let me do that quick. So how much more money do you have if you time the market compared to if you don't if you don't time the market right? So if you time the market with the blue line equity line compared to the red one. So here you would have in the worst case scenario you would have basically 470% less money in your portfolio. All right? If you don't time the market. Okay, cool. Now here in the worst case of this dump you would have 470% less money. And in the super bare you would have 10 times less money in your portfolio compared to a strategy that does time the market. Okay. Now you might be saying, "Yeah, but I don't have access to this strategy, Michael, because it's your strategy." They like yeah okay but let me show you now strategies that are ultra simple and I mean they are free okay like the simplest stuff would be even better than this and by the way right if you think that DCA strategy has any chance so the green line is now the DCA strategy yeah it's a bit better here I agree right so that's fine but here in the last bear and bull really it wasn't really better right like you have pretty much the same amount of money you have all the same issues because both of these strategies hodddle and DCA Okay, they're not timing the market to protect you from losing it all. Meaning you can't use the profits. Meaning you will never accumulate wealth ever. Okay, so that's a problem. That is for risk assets, right? Don't uh judge me for you know indices like S&P 500. Okay, that's different. But for risk assets, that is definitely the case. All right. Now, how can you do better? Let's turn off DCA. Let's put a simple moving average strategy. Okay, simple moving average strategy. The orange one is already way better, right? So, this is timing the market cuz whenever you see the flat line, it means it's out, right? It's in dollars, right? So, your portfolio, they all start at the same time, by the way, right? So, that's obvious. All have the same settings. I mean, we're professional here, right? Okay. And then here, you will have basically about 130% less money in your portfolio than the proper strategy, but still you will be much better than the freaking buy and hold strategy, right? which is down massive 160% compared to a simple moving average strategy which listen I will give you the code for this stuff it's very simple but you know just showing you the the evidence right that just the simplest idea you know selling above or basically below 200 moving average and buying above 200 moving average is already working better in timing the market than not timing at all. Okay, so that should give you a lot to think about. Then let's do a MAC D strategy. When you know the MACD crosses to the upside, you buy and when it go crosses to the downside, you sell. So that is already better overall than the simple moving average strategy. But MACD strategy is super simple. What the hell, right? There is no magic to it, but it's still much better off. It's 160% more money in the worst case scenario than the buy and hold strategy. So timing the market is again better, right? With the simplest strategy ever. Okay. And now if you want to have like the best free version possible then you can use the goshion channel strategy. And I know I mentioned this a lot because but it's a good strategy. I mean look at it right like it's very close to my own. Yes on Bitcoin not on all the coins but fine on Bitcoin right on Bitcoin you're still way better right than than the buy and hold strategy right? Way 600% more money in your portfolio in the worst case scenario when FDX went bankrupt and everything. I mean come on guys. I mean it's great. And you can see the line is pretty good. I mean went down here a bit had some draw down but you know it's fine right now guys if this is not obvious then I don't know okay so you have to time the market I'm sorry right you need to use a strategy there is no way around it okay and here on my channel I give you strategies that you can use let me show you very briefly it's pretty simple you go to signnum.money you make an account you go to strategies and you can use gshian channel Ichimoku on the 4hour chart and you can also use the hull suit on the one day and the other Ichimoku to the public one as well. I mean, those are already way better than not timing the market. All right? And so, listen, I don't know what else to give you. It's already super awesome, right? And if we go to the Ethereum chart, yes, my strategy is still better, but it's you doesn't matter, okay? It doesn't matter because the gshian channel already protects you massively here. You have 200% more money, okay, in your portfolio than not timing the market. And right now you also have like almost 100% more money in your portfolio. I mean, what the hell? It's great. No. And then here with basically Solana cuz we have to look at the bear, right? Cuz in the bare you can actually use the money. In the bull, you're not going to touch it anyway. So in the bear, you are pretty screwed with the buy and hold strategy. But with the gshian channel, you are 300% 338% higher in your portfolio value. And with my strategy, which is part of my course, it's 10x. Fine, whatever. Okay? I'm just saying like please at least consider the goshing channel strategy. Okay, in Polka Dot you also are better off and so on and so on. I could go on and on and on and show you a lot of coins and it's always the same outcome. Okay, let me summarize this for you. Okay, when looking at a strategy, what you care about is not how much money it makes in the peak of the peak of the market. What you care about is how much money you have when the asset is crashing because only then you would get out of it and make use of the profits. All right? So that's why the draw down is so important. Okay? It has to be low. All right? The draw down here is massive. Okay? Like you basically losing 70% of your portfolio value. And I can show you that also here in the strategy tester because it's not a mystery or something. 76% draw down with only 600% profit since you know the the last peak that's nothing mate like what the hell right so yeah I mean this is pretty bad so when you look at a strategy you have to actually add the equity line to the chart now the problem is that trading view doesn't have this as a checkbox where you can just add it I added it to my own strategies and to the strategies I share with you guys because I think it's important okay you should just look at it and you I have to look at it in the bare market or in the bad times because only then you would take your money out. Okay? So you're basically placing your bets into the casino in the bull, right? Maybe here also you're still placing your bets but when the music stops you take your money out, right? You go out of the casino and you do something else with the money. Okay? You are happy that you made money. So that's why it matters only to look in the draw down times, not in the top tops. Like even if the buy and hold strategy would make so much money and then come back like this, it would be horrible because I will never make use of this money cuz I'm not going to sell in the bull. Okay, it's stupid. Like you sell when you have an idea that it's over, right? And that needs some confirmation and it's not like you can predict the market, mate. Okay. So, I don't really care if an equity line goes above, you know, my strategy, for example. What I really care about is what I really need the money. Do I have it or not? Okay. And that is what matters. All right? And with these strategies, I have the money. With this strategy, I don't have the money. And the same problem happens with the DCA and any other strategy that does not time the market. You have to time the market, right? There is no way around this because otherwise you run into all of these issues that I told you. So when you evaluate a strategy then check how much money do you have when the market is going down. Okay? Like that's what really matters. So when would you actually take the money out? That's when you need to know is the strategy protecting your profits or not. Another thing you should know is that most people are actually losing money retail by the way losing money in crypto. And the reason is that the Bitcoin price drives crypto adoption. And that means that most people download crypto apps at the top of the market and they're also active mostly at the top of the market. And that means that most people are buying around the top of the market. So now again timing the market would help you because if you have a proper strategy and the first time you hear about you know this strategy is at the top you will apply it onto your chart and you will see that the strategy is actually not even invested at all right for example the gorshian channel so you're not going to buy right like it's going to protect you from buying at stupid times all right and that is also very important and also here you will not going to buy right because it's stupid so even if you get FOMO right you and apply a strategy on the chart. You can see okay what would it do now? Okay, it would not invest. Okay, fine. I wait I make an alert, right? I automate I automate it with signum, right? Because signum is an automation software where you can create your bots and it will automatically just execute the signals from these strategies, right? So you don't even have to do it manually. I have a video about this and I will put a link to that video at the end of this video. But before we end, let me show you something else. One more thing as they would say with Apple, if you want access to my strategies and my tactics and portfolio management, then I have a masterass called autotrading masterass. It's invite only, right? So you can apply for access. We're going to talk and if there is a good fit, well then you can join. This program is meant for people who have portfolios that are a bit larger. So we start at 25,000 or more. It's not a lot of money, 25,000, but with more money comes more responsibility, right? So people with larger portfolios understand that risk management is the number one thing they should take care of which is exactly what I'm teaching in my course on top of the strategies obviously which execute exactly on that right so if you join you're not only going to be part of a very awesome community of very unique individuals that we have handpicked to join. So the whole community is business people, successful people, but also you're going to learn everything you need to build a riskadjusted portfolio and to use numbers to make decisions to eliminate emotions to have peace of mind with the automatic process that I teach. Right? So with all of that, if you care about that, then go there, click this green button that says apply for access, and we're going to talk and we're going to figure this out. And if you want to get started with automation fully for free, then this is the next video you should watch. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Strategies. We know what to do. Yeah. Do you stop losses set? Watch the bus rise and
