That's right, guys. I'm smiling because we did it again, guys. The auto trading system sold Bitcoin back in October 2025, avoided the entire downside and all of the emotions that come with it, and bought back in recently at $76,000, and that is a discount on Bitcoin of about 30%, guys. That means we sold high, and we can buy back in to get more Bitcoin at a better price. All of that, of course, fully automatically, and the members are already celebrating because this trade is already in profit. And I'm also celebrating because the system is working and is helping people. Recently, a member said, "Being here for 18 months now, I can say with certainty that the bots work." And he's saying that he was buying and selling alts on the way down, sadly, but ultimately the bots did a better job, especially at the exit point, which is the most emotional. But is this the start of the next bull market, or is this just a bear market rally, and we have to get ready for another leg down? And I have the ultimate answer to this question, which everyone is asking, and the answer will surprise you, and not only that, it will change how you trade forever. And I'm going to show you a method on how you can find coins before they start pumping, so you don't miss out on these kind of returns. But first, let's see if this system also worked on altcoins. Same thing for Ethereum, guys, which we sold up here at $4,300, avoided the entire 60% drawdown, and now we're sitting patiently waiting for the next buy signal, which we would get at about 40% discount on Ethereum. This is amazing, and let me show you the trades on my exchange. Before we do that, guys, we have to comply with the rules on this platform. This is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money. Like, subscribe, let's go. The thing is that Binance doesn't let me go back far enough to show you the October trade that we took over here on Bitcoin on the 12th of October 2025. But what I can do is export the historic data, which is exactly what I did here, and this is the trade on the 12th October 2025 Bitcoin USDC sell signal to get me out of Bitcoin before the crash. Luckily, Binance does allow me to look at the recent trade here on the 1st of May, and that's exactly this trade right here, 1st of May 2026 2:00 in the morning because now in the time zone I'm at, this is 00 UTC Bitcoin USDC market buy. And let me remind you guys that this buy signal was executed fully automatically by TradingView's alert system, and it was exactly this alert that was sent to Signum and then to my exchange to execute this for me while I was sleeping. And I've also turned on the email notifications for this alert, and this was exactly the email I got when the trade happened. And as you can see here, it was a buy signal. Again, 1st of May 2026 2:00 in the morning, my current time zone. The way this works, guys, is that the signal comes from TradingView, goes into Signum, which is this software where I have all of my trading bots set up, and then Signum sends the signal to the right exchange that I have connected. More about this later. The Ethereum sell signal came at the start of 10th of October 2025's daily candle, and that happened on Bybit, and Bybit allows me to go back far enough. So this was the 10th of October 2025, and this was for Ethereum USDC spot market sell. And yes, guys, I'm hiding the amounts that I'm trading with because that's not the thing I want to be known for. I want to be known for good signals. And like I said, guys, there is no buy signal yet for Ethereum, but it can come anytime, and of course my members are allocated and automated to take advantage of this. Some coins are already pumping again. For example, Hyperliquid, where we got a buy signal here at $31 and the strategy is already up 40% guys. But how did we know that Hyperliquid is an asset to look at in the first place because not all these assets are pumping. Some are, some are not. Well, because we have a cool feature which is called the trend radar here in Signum. When I click on it and I scroll down, I'm here on the crypto assets, right? We also have stocks, metals and commodities. But let's look at the crypto assets and as you can see here, if I search for Hyperliquid, you can see that Hyperliquid actually had a green trend flip here on the 7th of March and since then it's up 40% and that's how we know by looking at this everyday which coins are actually pumping and which coins are interesting to look at. Not coins from the last bull market, but coins that matter now. And that is why the members, they have access to this and they're checking it everyday to see the ones that turn green and then they decide if they want to add them to their portfolios and then fully automate them the same way I showed you before. Simply coming here, creating a bot, picking the exchange they want, also futures, then picking the right strategy for the asset, which of course I showed the members how to do, and then automating the entire portfolio to avoid emotional trading and base the entire execution of the portfolio on mathematics and not on feelings. And definitely not on news because we've seen how manipulated news can be and it flip-flops the market up and down, but strategies, they know how to play this. Now, of course, they will not always be correct. There will be losing trades, but overall, the probabilities are way higher than when manually reacting to what is happening. And as I showed you before in the charts guys, we played this bear market very well so far. And if you are a member watching this video right now, then let us know down in the comments how it's going for for Because guys, you cannot ignore the fact that having a strategy protects your portfolio much better than, for example, a buy and hold approach. By the way, what you see here on the chart, the blue line is the equity line of one of my strategies. You can see the performance of the strategy down there. I use this strategy on my entire portfolio, okay? So, it is not just Bitcoin, but I will show you on Bitcoin to explain how it works. And so, the idea is simply that in the uptrend, you want your portfolio to be invested and to go up. I mean, that's obvious, right? But then, when it goes down, right? And you have huge drawdowns like COVID and stuff, you want your portfolio to be protected. And that's exactly what it's doing, right? You can see here, portfolio was protected, right? While the market is going down and having massive drawdowns of, let me measure this for you, about 75%. Your portfolio is in very good shape, right? And that's exactly what we did here, right? You can see that the market was going down and the portfolio was just chilling, okay? And this chilling phase is very boring, guys. I understand. Like, I cannot come and say, "Oh, we're still not doing nothing, yeah?" But you can see now, right? It's going back up and this is the equity line that you need to look at. And all my strategies have this equity line, okay? So, that you can see how your portfolio is evolving. And as you can see here, if you start with the same amount of money, you start with the same amount of money with buy and hold, the red line, and the blue line being this strategy that you see here, the difference is dramatic, okay? Like, let me measure how much money you don't have using buy and hold. You have 87% less money in your portfolio by using buy and hold for over 8 years, guys. I think I made my point, guys. Let me know down below what you think about this. And if you want to start automating your strategies and as well get access to strategies, then make yourself a Signum account. Simply click on sign up now. It's free. You can go explore and automate any strategy you like. And you also find some strategies in Signum itself by simply clicking here on strategies and as a non-member, you can see the Gaussian Channel and the Ichimoku one and as a member, you have access to more strategies. And if you want to become a member, then consider the auto trading masterclass. Head over to autotrading.vip where you get access to everything that I do, okay? Like my strategies, like for example, this strategy over here that I showed you in this video, you can click on it as well and see all of its trades on your own chart and basically, this is exactly my process with the risk-adjusted portfolio, with the trend radar, with how I manage risk, how I do rebalancing, all the good stuff, okay? But But, remember guys, that this system has times when it does nothing. I showed you that in the video already and not everyone on this planet is able to do that, all right? Remember, there were months and months and months where the strategies did absolutely nothing and I can tell you, it's not emotionally easy to survive that, okay? Not everyone is Warren Buffett, okay? The main question, guys, is this the start of the next bull market or at least a significant leg up or is this just a bull trap where we put more money on the table, the casino takes it all? Well, I have an answer for you and I think it will surprise you quite dramatically. The answer is that it doesn't matter because I have a strategy that gets me in when the trend turns green. So, if this truly turns out to be the next bull market, I'm already part of it, okay? If it does not turn out to be that, it will turn around, the strategy would sell, I might make a tiny profit or a tiny loss, we will see, but that is fine because if it truly goes further down, as usual, it goes down about 70% drawdown, which is very unlikely at this point because long story, but let's say it goes 65%. So, I can buy even lower, right? Perfect. Yes, it's boring, I have to wait longer until I can collect my benefits, right? But, that's the way to do it. Now, the reason why I said the answer will surprise you is because most people want to know exactly when it will start again, right? But, you don't know, right? Because nobody knows the future. I'm a tech guy and I trust the numbers and the trends. So, if the trend is up, I'm invested. If the trend is down, I'm out. I do other things. I explain that to my members. The thing is this, if the four-year cycle has changed because we had an all-time high before the halving, we have the ETFs, we have all this political turmoil around the world, right? And we could have a peace deal any day, right? We could have the Clarity Act any day, okay? Well, in June, I guess, right? So, this could actually be the next bull market. But, do I know for sure? No. Do I have strategies to detect the trend and get me in? Yes. And also, do I have risk management to not be fully invested? Because if this goes south again, right? Then yes, I can buy lower, but I don't want to lose a lot of money. But, luckily, my system has a risk-adjusted portfolio approach and I'm not invested with all of my funds to manage my risk. And all of my members know how to do the same. So, guys, do we know the future? No. Can we react to what is actually happening in the chart? 100% that's what we're doing. Now, am I clear or am I aware that the bear market has just basically started and we didn't have the second leg down? Yeah, of course I'm aware of that, yeah. But, because the world is changing, okay? This chart could be changing. Now, imagine a situation where this truly goes up. How many people will be left just watching the chart not being invested because they believe that the bear market has to last longer. That would be fascinating, right? So, the market loves to do exactly the opposite of what most people expect, right? And that is why I like to follow a system, and that's exactly what I'm doing here. At this point of the video, I recommend the next video to watch that matches what you have learned here, and I'm not going to recommend an AI video, how to build your own strategy, how to automate your chart, because you already know this stuff. You can watch it on my channel, right? But what I want you to understand is that you have to time the market, guys, right? And I have a video about this, and that video well didn't get so much love because I was a much smaller channel back when I made it, but it's so important, right? And I want to make sure that you understand that when you're trading risk assets like crypto, but also tech stocks, okay, then you have to time the market, right? You cannot just buy and hold or DCA because your purchasing power will get eroded, okay? And that's why I strongly recommend that this is the next video you should watch. >> [music] >> It's strategy, uh-huh, ooh, yeah, >> [music] >> ooh, yeah. Strategies, we know what to do. >> [music] >> Yeah, ooh, yeah, yeah. Stop loss is [music] set, watch the price rise and fall.
