That's right, guys. What if we give the AI the best indicators possible, the most profitable ones? Can the AI then combine them into the best strategy we've ever seen? I went to TradingView and downloaded their most popular indicators, took the source code, and gave it to the AI, and the AI blew my mind. It created a strategy out of these indicators, and it outperformed the baseline portfolio by 3.6 X. Guys, not just one asset, the entire portfolio produced more. Mind-blowing. That is why I'm making this video. And that's just the beginning. I only spent 3 hours with this. Imagine how far I can get if I spend a whole week. I would let it run 24/7 to find the best combinations of these indicators for crypto, stocks, metals, commodities, because why not? And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how you can do the same. This is a completely new approach. It's easy to use. You don't need coding skills. The only things you need is, of course, TradingView, an AI, and as well the backtesting engine. In combination with the right prompt, which you will also get, which will protect you from one massive mistake that everyone makes when using AI for strategies. And the best part is that the AI does all the work. I get my coffee, and when it's done, it will give me a notification. Let me show you how all of this works, so get your coffee, and let's get started. Yeah. And guys, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you, because otherwise the YouTube algorithm will never know, and also you're supporting this channel. Also, remember this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money, guys, and that is why I run this educational channel, so that you are always ahead of the herd. Subscribe, and let's go. I want to start this video by triggering Claude to create a new trading strategy based on all of these indicators that I have prepared here using this prompt from the prompt document, which you will find down below, because I don't want to waste one second of this opportunity. So, while creating this video, I'm creating trading strategies in the background. And at the end of the video, we're going to see what Claude came up with. Now, let's show you how all of this works. First of all, guys, make a folder on your computer and place the backtesting engine in there, and simply unzip the file. And this is where we're going to work. And I'm going to show you later on how to get access to this. And as you can see here, there is a folder called indicators. And it already comes preloaded with all the indicators I have been using myself for making this video, right? So, you already have a lot of them here, but where can you find the more indicators for your AI? Simply go to this TradingView page. I will put the link down below, and here you can find popular indicators. And here I'm on the popular tab, and I filtered it to indicators and open source only, because I need the source code for these indicators. Now, I'm scrolling around, and when I find an indicator that I like, for example, you can add it to your chart, you can experiment with it. I leave it up to you how you decide which indicator you're going to use, but once you care about an indicator and you want to put it into your backtesting engine, then click on source code, and simply copy the entire source code, open a text editor, and paste the code in there. And now, let's save it in the right folder. So, I'm here in the indicators folder of my backtesting engine, and the naming convention is as follows. Indicator dash, and then the name of the indicator, just copy the title, put it in here, and then the time frame the indicator is made for. Now, how do you find that out? It's very easy. You go back to the chart, and simply you check which time frame it's using on the chart, and this is one week. So, in my file name, I will put dash one week.pine, and I will save this into my indicators folder. You might ask yourself why you need to put the time frame that the indicator is made for into the file name, and that is because it needs to know the AI needs to know which chart to load. For example, if your indicator is made for the 4-hour, then it has to load these types of charts, right? The 4-hour charts. And when it's made for the 1-day, it has to load the 1-day, and so on, right? Now, as you can see, the backtesting engine has data for the top 10 assets, crypto assets, but also you will see that it has data only, I would say, for 1-day, 1-week, and 4-hours, because those are the time frames that I like to experiment with. But if you want to more, then simply ask the AI to load the data from the internet, or download it from TradingView. And I will show you how to do that later on in this video. But basically, this is how you put the indicators into the right place, so that the AI can find them and use them. The next thing to do is to copy the prompt for building a strategy from multiple indicators. And as you can see here, there are some parts marked in red, and those are placeholders that you should change, or you must change. Let me show you, right? So, backtesting engine V22.0, this is simply the folder name of your backtesting engine. And if I have a new version, right? It might be V23, right? So, the folder will be V23. And that is why I give it the name of the folder, so I can have multiple versions here in the folder, and the AI is not confused. So, this one you must change, right? So, just simply put the folder name in here. And then this is the optimization function, if so to speak. It tells it how to optimize, or what to optimize for, and it will optimize for high profit with low drawdown across the entire asset class, meaning it's basically a portfolio of all of these assets here in the data folder, right? You have ADA, you have AVAX, BNB, Fetch.ai, Solana, and so on, Bitcoin, Ethereum. And it will run backtests on the entire thing as if it's your portfolio, right? And it wants to find a strategy that generates high profit with low drawdown, but not just on one asset, right? Cuz that would be over fitting. Instead, on the entire asset class. And I say asset class, because I already said crypto here, right? Okay. So, that's something you don't have to change. Maybe I should make this orange, actually, so that it doesn't show like you must change this. You can if you want. But then you must change this next one, which is the baseline strategy. So, give it a strategy that you like. You already have it, right? And you give it that strategy, so it can try to beat it. Okay? There is no point in just telling the AI to create a strategy out of thin air if it doesn't know what to compare against. And this is the mistake I want to warn you guys about. When using AI to create trading strategies, you have to give it a baseline strategy, because otherwise it can give you horrific strategies, because let's say it ran into the wrong direction and is in the mediocre strategy corner, right? And then it will pick the best out of these mediocre ones. But if you give it a baseline strategy, it will compare to that and say, "What the hell? It's not good whatsoever." I cannot show this to Michael. I need to continue iterating. In fact, I will add a baseline strategy here at the bottom of the document before I release this video, so that you have a strategy to get started with. You're welcome. Back in my folder, there is a strategies folder as well, and here I simply placed the Pine Script code of this strategy, the baseline strategy, right? It's the Gaussian Channel Long Short. And simply, it has the code from TradingView, the Pine Script code in there. And then in the prompt, I just put the name of that file. I can put also .pine, but you don't have to, right? And once you have a strategy that beats your baseline, that can become your next baseline, and so on, and so forth. You see the power of this. And then also, 1-day time frame are the charts that I wanted to use, but you can change that to your liking, of course. You need to make sure that in your data folder, you have the data for that time frame. So, if you change it to 1-hour, for example, then it doesn't find chart data for 1-hour, it wouldn't work. It would tell you that there is no data, right? And so, in order to fix that, I will show you later in the video, there is a prompt for that. Okay? But let's leave it for later on. And then also, I tell it from which date to start trading. And for me, it's 2018, January 1st, because everything before that was pure mania, and I don't think that that time before that is relevant for the future, right? So, and basically, that's it, right? After that, you have boilerplate. You can read it, but you don't have to change it, right? Okay. Now, copy the entire thing, and open up the Claude application. If you don't know where to get the Claude application, simply go to claude.com/download, and it will show you the link for macOS and Windows. Download, install, and then open up the Claude application, start a new session, and make sure to do a couple of things before you paste the prompt, all right? So, first of all, you have to go to Claude Code, right? So, here you go to code, right? Here you have co-work, you have the normal chat, you go to Claude Code, and then you open a new session, okay? And once you have a new session, you have to pick the folder. So, it's local, first of all, working on your local directories. And then you have to pick the folder where your backtesting engine is, right? Where you have put the indicators and the strategy to compare against. And for me, it's in programming, and the folder is called YouTube, right? Because this is a YouTube video, and this is where I have my backtesting engine, and everything is inside. All right? So, I will pick the YouTube folder and open it up. And then you have to pick the right AI model, and I pick Opus 4.6, the best one, and also effort level maximum, okay? We're not taking chances. Now, you can paste the prompt, and let's go. Now, this can take quite some time, all right? That's why I've prepared my coffee already. This can easily take from 20 minutes to 1 hour to come up with something useful, okay? The only thing is that sometimes the Claude application needs you to approve certain things, so you should turn on notifications, so you should turn on notifications so you get alert when it needs you. For example, in the other session where I started creating a strategy in the beginning of the video, it needs me to approve something, so I will do that. Now, switching back to our session, again, this can take time, and meanwhile, I will get my coffee, check what my wife is doing, and I will get back to you when this finished. Cheers. And the AI finished, guys, and the results are unbelievable. First of all, it ran through a lot of combinations, combining these indicators together, coming up with a better strategy than the baseline, but I did not expect to be that much better, okay? So, let me show you the results. This is the job I started at the beginning of the video because, again, it takes quite some time to run all of these variations. And the AI chose this variation here as the winner, as you can see here. It's called A2D. Almost R2D2, but anyway, that's for Star Wars fans. And judging by the file name of the final strategy, kernel regression breakout, it seems like it was using this indicator right here for the basis of the strategy, plus more. But why didn't it pick this variation here? Because it has much higher net profit on average than the one that it took as the winner. And the reason is because the drawdown is higher. And the goal was to find one that has lower drawdown or same than the baseline. And that's why it cannot pick this one or this one that has a higher drawdown than the one that we gave it to compare against. And that's why this one came out as the winner, the most balanced version of them all. Of course, you can go ahead and ask the AI to give you the code for that higher profit version as well, but you need to do a risk-adjusted approach because otherwise, you would risk too much money on certain coins, and when they go south, you would panic sell, and that doesn't end well. So, risk management is key, and that's why I teach the risk-adjusted portfolio in my course because, actually, you can use any strategy, right? If you know what you're doing, as long as you know how to calculate the risk, which is a very key component in portfolio management. As you can see here, it shows me the average net profit, and as well, the average drawdown. And then I thought, "Yeah, but what if there is one asset that outperforms?" And that's why the average is so high, which is exactly what happened because you have here Solana with 90,000% profit. That's crazy, and that's why averages are not awesome. And that is why I went further and said, "Yeah, but give me the median, okay? I want to see the median." And then it calculated that for the winner and for the baseline. And as you can see here, even when we take the median, the winning strategy, the new strategy, is still way better than the baseline, 1.6 times better. And the drawdown is also lower than the baseline, and also the risk ratio. So, the new strategy that it created is winning in most categories. That's awesome, but that was not enough for me. I went further and I said, "Hey, let's simulate a 10K portfolio risk-adjusted allocations, right?" So, as you can see here, it gives 25% of the budget to Bitcoin, 20% to Ethereum, and very low amounts to riskier coins, right? Which you would also do in a real-life portfolio. That's called risk-adjusted portfolio. And then, which strategy produces most of the profit with the lowest risk? And what happens? Well, the new strategy here wins by a large amount, by 3.6 times, producing way more profit with that allocation than the baseline. And that means this new strategy is truly better than the baseline, which is awesome, but there is one coin which is a casualty of this new strategy, meaning that there is a trade-off. That one coin, which is a very important one, I don't know if you saw it already, has a pretty bad performance. But that's the trade-off, right? So, if you want a strategy that works on the entire portfolio to avoid curve fitting and overfitting and these mistakes, well then, that's what happens, right? You will have one or two or three coins which don't perform great, even though you love them, right? But then the entire portfolio performs better. Let's look at that on the chart. This strategy version has been saved into this file in our backtesting engine. And here, in the strategies folder, we find it exactly here. So, let's double-click and open it, or open it in any text editor you like. Select everything, copy the entire code, and then go over to TradingView and click on this pine icon over here, and simply create a new strategy, put the code in there. What I do is I have one test strategy which I always reuse. So, I will paste the code in here, and I will simply save it and add it to my chart. As you can see, this is on Bitcoin 1-day chart. The numbers are not amazing because if I switch back to the Gaussian channel one, you can see that was actually better on Bitcoin. And that is the one casualty I was talking about. So, guys, if you want to have good performance on your entire portfolio, then some of the coins will suffer. And sadly, in this case, Bitcoin suffers, but the other coins, guys, make up for it and more, and that is why this strategy accumulates more dollars over time than the baseline Gaussian channel strategy. Now, let's take a look at some other coins. Let's go to Ethereum right now, and the Gaussian channel, the baseline strategy, was always performing pretty badly on Ethereum. As you can see here, 710% profit since 2018 is not amazing. Let's switch over to the new strategy, 2,974%. That is much better than the baseline Gaussian channel, and as well, the drawdown with 33.6% very good compared to the Gaussian channel with 52%, right? So, definitely, for example, the funds allocated to Ethereum, which are 20% of the portfolio, have contributed dramatically to improving the portfolio performance. But well, like when I say dramatically, I have to talk about Solana, right? Because this one blew it out of the park with 90,000% profit. Okay, that's a crazy one, and we can exclude it as well from the results because it's an outlier. Fetch.ai, we have 7,000%, 7.7 with 74% drawdown, which is way too high. The new strategy performs much, much better on Fetch.ai, 37,000%. Crazy, guys. I'm not promising you the same in the future because that coin was small when it started, right? But anyway, with much better drawdown as well. Still above 50, but definitely dramatically better than the baseline strategy. On BNB, we can also see that the new strategy performs better than the baseline one. And even XRP, which is notoriously hard to make money on, guys, the Gaussian channel with 55% and the new strategy with 328%. Yes, the drawdown is crazy because, I mean, look at these weeks here on XRP, but still very impressive. XRP is usually very, very hard to automate. Now, how can you guys get access to the backtesting engine, which is one element that I used in this video to do what I just did? And without the backtesting engine, the AI simply doesn't have enough knowledge to do it properly, especially the numbers from the backtest would often not match with the ones from TradingView, and then you're not sure if it did the right thing, and if that's truly the best strategy, right? So, that's why I put together the backtesting engine, which comes with chart data preloaded, indicators, as you have seen now. By the way, if you already have access to this, which thousands of people already have, then just download the latest version, then you'll find the indicator folder there as well. And in order to get access to this, simply click the link down below and get yourself a copy of this. 99 bucks, one time, you get the zip folder with everything inside that you need to get started the way I did it in this video. It is quite cheap for what it can do, but at least it shows me your appreciation to my work over here. Again, link is down below, get yourself a copy, and then also get yourself the prompt that I used as well in this video. The link to this document is down below, and make sure to use this prompt because it has a lot of details in there to make sure the AI doesn't get lost in the process. And if you have any questions, you get stuck, or you want to talk about trading and trade automation, algo trading, bots, then come to my Telegram group. The link is down below. We'd love to have you there. There is a specific channel for the backtesting engine, but also we talk about all sorts of strategies, bots, and what the market is doing over there. So, come and hang out. And guys, if you need more chart data than the backtesting engine has, for example, let's say you want to have TAO/USDT on the 1-hour chart, then simply copy this prompt, go to your AI, paste it in there, and let it run. And now we have the TAO/USDT 1-hour chart data from Binance. And when we peek into that file, we can see it has the same structure as the other files, and even comes with volume data. So, next time I run my tests, I can run it on the 1-hour chart as well, but of course, I would need to download the 1-hour charts for all of these assets, which again, you can ask the AI to do for you. Personally, I download my data, my chart data, from TradingView themselves. And the way I do that is simply I go to the asset that I care about. Here, I gave you TAO as an example. I go to the 1-hour chart cuz that's the one I wanted. And I make sure that I force TradingView to load as much data as possible, so I scroll to the far left here until I see this dinosaur. That means there's no more data after that, right? Or before that. So, now we have all the chart data in the browser, and now I can come here and click on download chart data. Okay, but before I do that, I want to warn you, any indicator that you have turned on, okay? Any indicator, MACD, RSI, whatever, will be part of that download. And you don't need that, right? So, you can turn off, like just hide these indicators, and keep only the ones turned on that you want in the data file export, for example, the volume data. And once you're ready, you simply come here and you download chart data Unix timestamp, that's for sure. And by the way, they used to call this 1H for 1 hour, now they call it 60 because now they put minutes in there. No worries, the AI knows how to deal with that. Now, download this and then go back to your backtesting engine, put it in the data folder so the AI can find it. I will just drag and drop it in here and as you can see, the one that the AI downloaded is called 1H and the other one is 60, but it's all the same. And this is the way that you do it automatically, the AI does it for you, or you do it manually. Now, the manual approach can be useful if the AI doesn't find the freely available data on the internet and TradingView has so much data that for sure you find the stock that you need or the futures chart that you need or the crypto that you need from here, but the only downside is that to download chart data from TradingView, you need to have, I think, the plus or higher subscription and that's why I built in this method here so that you don't have to necessarily pay for chart data because the AI will help you to fetch it for free. You're welcome. If your crypto portfolio is $25,000 or more, then you need more than just trading strategies. Consider the Auto Trading Masterclass where I teach you my entire process, including my trading strategies, of course, which are the best in the industry. Click on the screenshots and you will see every single trade they took, but you need the education to properly build a risk-adjusted portfolio, to know how to play the markets depending on the cycles and how to rebalance, how to use all of this to your advantage, right? Do your homework, by the way, check the reviews, watch the video here on the website and you will understand that this is a limited access program for 1,000 people only. We still have some seats because I just started the program 1 year ago. This is the most advanced program that you can find and this is just for higher net worth individuals, for people who have enough money to understand that risk management is the most important thing, okay? So, if this is for you, apply for access, click this button. We're going to talk to each other. If it's a good match, then you can join. Fascinating, right, guys? This opens up so many opportunities to build amazing trading strategies. You just need to feed the backtesting engine more indicators, more data, some ideas from your side as well to send it off a journey to create and improve your trading strategies while you have your coffee, you go out with your family and you just leave it to do its job, right? And that is so fascinating because the backtesting engine has all the knowledge, right, to not mess this up, meaning best practices to avoid overfitting, forward-looking buyers, repainting, warming up the indicators, all the good stuff so that you can just let it work, right? But the thing is that, of course, it's a probabilistic approach because it's an AI, right? So, sometimes it will take this route and it will have a good result, right? And then sometimes it will take this other route and the result will be mediocre or even it tells you that it was not able to find a better version, which is possible. It happened to me, right? It says, "Hey, I tried, but I didn't find a better strategy with the indicators, blah, right?" But that's not 100% correct because once I started it again, then it took a different route and it found it. And that's why, guys, this is not a one-shot thing, right? You need to spend a little bit of time, give it a few tries, at least 10, okay, guys? Sometimes it will decide to use these three indicators and sometimes it will use these other two and sometimes it will use only one and combine it with ATR or MACD or RSI, right? Like you don't know, okay? But that's the beauty of it. It's like you have a developer quant that now works for you, okay? So, that's why I'm making this video. This is super fascinating, all right? If you understand the power of this, then make sure to leave a like, leave a comment down below and what I think you need next, okay? Because now you can create strategies and all, but which coins and which stocks and which commodities and so on should you even consider? Well, I launched the Trend Radar, which detects assets before they pump so that you don't miss out on them. And if you care about that, then this is the next video you should watch. It's TradingView. Uh-huh. Ooh, yeah. Ooh, yeah. Strategies, we know what to do. Yeah. Do you? Stop now. As I said, watch the price rise up.
