That's right, guys. Open AI released GPT-5.5. I spent quality time with this AI because I didn't want to give you a random video where I show you that it's good at coding. We know it's good at coding, okay? Instead, I went very deep with the browser use feature, which I think adds the most value with this release. That's when the AI has full access to its built-in browser to do amazing things for us. So, I've put it to the test, guys. Can it suggest to me the next trade to take based on the chart in front of it? Can it create a trading strategy for me because it has access to the TradingView browser, right? It can click around, it can put its code, and it can double-check itself, and if it can see its results, it can also improve the results, right? And the craziest use case of them all, and that's only possible because of this browser use, can it actually listen to other YouTubers and extract the trades that they're mentioning in their videos, and then place those trades onto my chart so I have a full overview of what they're doing? Crazy stuff. Yeah, that thing works, by the way. But, don't skip forward to that part because you first need to understand which capabilities this AI has, otherwise this will be very confusing in the end. I've given this AI a very hard time, not sure we're still friends or not, but that's why I can bring you all of this value in this video showing you where it's good and where it still sucks. As always, you will get the prompts that I'm using in this video so you can follow along and do exactly the same thing, especially for the use cases where this AI adds value, where it allows us to do something we couldn't do before. And as well, it's very easy to use. And yes, guys, I'm still making videos for you while I'm traveling. I'm here in Spain. My mission on this channel, guys, is to help millions of people make it in this crazy markets, and for that we automate our entire portfolios. And luckily, I have a software engineering background, so I know how to do this for many years. Now, with AI, you can do the same, but you need to know how to do it properly. I show you that on this channel. So, if this video adds any value, then massage this like button. If you want more videos about what I just said, make sure to also subscribe. And YouTube is pushing the hype button, so if you see it on your mobile device, then press it so that YouTube knows to push this video to more people. Thank you. And as always, guys, remember this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money, which is why again I'm running this educational channel so that you can stay ahead of the herd. And now, let's go. And as always, guys, first let's look at the results so that you can figure out if this is for you, and then I will show you how to use it for yourself step by step. Can GPT 5.5 analyze this chart fully automatically to tell me which trade to take next? Let's check it out. I give it the right prompt. You will get access to it as well. And you can see it's starting to draw the support and resistance lines. And because I've asked it to put a trade box, it will do that as well. And as you can see here, it's adjusting it to indicate exactly the trade to take next, which has the highest probability. Pretty cool. The only thing I don't like about it is that it wants to go into a trade like right now instead of waiting for a rejection over trend line, but in general, it makes sense placing the stop loss above the highs, and then as well taking profit before it goes to the actual lows of this formation, which makes sense. I think maybe the take profit is too far down. I would have put it maybe right here at a 2:2:1 because it has a higher chance of success, but fine, okay, it's AI. It did it fully automatically. I think this is great. If you want to do the same thing, simply go down. There is a link to this prompts document, and just give it this prompt right here. This is awesome, but what if I want to automate the entry, the stop loss, and the take profit because I don't want to babysit this trade? Also, remember this channel is called Michael Automates, okay? We automate everything in our portfolios. And also, maybe I have multiple assets where such trades are happening and I want them to happen automatically, so I don't miss out, I don't make mistakes when executing. Is there a way to do that? First question. And second question is, can the AI set up these trading alerts for me? Because otherwise, I would have to click on this, right? And then create the alert, and then put in all the messages and so on. It's quite boring. And let's see if this AI is able to do it. First of all, I go to signum.money where I have my trading bot and it's fully ready for AI integration. You will see in a minute why that's the case. I have my bot for Bitcoin USDC on Hyperliquid. It's a futures bot, and this is a demo bot for you guys. I click on it to open it up, and I make sure that of course I have the right trading pair, but also I scroll down to get the TradingView custom alerts AI prompt. Okay? Otherwise, I would have to set up these alerts manually, which I want to avoid, right? So, I just click on this button, copy AI prompt. I go back to the AI and I paste it here, and I make sure to tell him which trade to automate. I might have a long on the chart, but I might have a short as well. So, this is definitely a short trade, as you can see here, and I send the prompt off to the races. And let's see what the AI does with this. Uh-oh, it says it cannot create the alerts for me because it's somehow against the rules, and it tells me how to do it manually. But that's boring, right? So, this AI cannot do it, which is unfortunate, but luckily for you guys, the TradingView AI can do it, which I showed you in this video. But can the AI as well look at the chart and find the most probable chart pattern, and then give me a trade setup based on that? Well, that's exactly what I'm running right now, and I will get back to you when it is done. It says there is a head and shoulders pattern, and now it is drawing the neckline. And that's supposed to be the measured move and the breakout target. Well, the AI is finished, but I don't like the result. I mean, is this a head and shoulders? Does this measure the move make any sense? Definitely not. It also said that a pro trader would not treat this as a go long now signal. Well, then why did you propose this and not a different pattern? So, I would say it's not the best at finding chart patterns. Although sometimes in my extensive testing, which I did since the launch of this AI, like I said in the beginning, I spent quality time with this. I did have situations where it was very good at finding and drawing them properly. And I will show you on screen. But in general, this is not a use case that I would use it for. Of course, I've tested the AI as well for creating and improving trading strategies using this mechanism, this connection between the browser and the AI. And as you can see here on the screen, it ran into a lot of issues. It has even issues to paste its code into the Pine Script editor. It constantly runs into errors because it's indenting the code when it's pasting it in a wrong way. Simply, it is simply not useful. And also, we don't really care because there is a much better solution for this. I have created the backtesting engine, okay, which teaches the AI how to build strategies properly and how to run backtests properly. And the numbers match TradingView numbers. And the good thing is, if you combine what I just said, is that it can do all of this on your computer, okay? It can run hundreds of variations, of course taking care of curve fitting, yes, it knows to take care of that. It can fetch chart data it needs, it can fetch everything it needs, right? And then it gives you the variation, the best version, okay? You can take that and put it in TradingView, and that's it, right? You don't need TradingView for the creation process. You just need it to validate that it looks good and to automate it. That's it, right? If you want to learn how to do that with OpenAI, then watch this video over here. I will link it up top. And if you want to learn how to do it with Claude, then watch this video over here as well. I will link it up top. If you're really serious about building trading strategies with AI, then this is the absolute best method on the market right now. You will see when you watch the videos, but not now. There is still more to learn from this one. Candy AI watch YouTube videos from famous crypto influencers and then plays the trades that they're making on my chart. Yes, guys, it sounds crazy, but it works. Otherwise, I wouldn't have put it in this video. It's the craziest mission I sent the AI on and I think I will work more on this and make a dedicated video even about it, but this is the first time I even tried it and it works and I'm like, what the hell? So, make sure to subscribe and hit the bell to not miss out when that crazy video drops. Okay, guys, but how did I do this and what happened when I tried all of this because it's crazy. So, first of all, you need to give the AI a pretty long prompt because otherwise, it doesn't know how to fetch the transcripts from YouTube and I will put that prompt in my next dedicated video, like I mentioned before. And once that is given, it starts coding and then it creates this Python files where it remembers which YouTuber it is and then how to fetch all the data and so on, right? And then it goes and fetches all the information that it has to and I told it to fetch not just one video, but the last five and then even I went further and I said the last 10 videos because I want to have enough information to not miss out on signals that were given long time ago, right? And it did a lot of work and of course, I had to talk to it in the meantime, which is why this is not fully ready yet for you guys, which is again why I'm going to make a dedicated video, but this is the trade that it placed for Crypto Rover and as well, it explained exactly where it put entries and exits and so on. It's a 5:2:1 ratio. It's amazing trade. And for MM Crypto, it was not able to find a trade because in the data set in the videos that it analyzed, there was no clear entry and well, that can be because I don't have enough data, right? But it can also be because it's confusing. Could be, right? Depends on your influencer. And this is the trade that Rover is on. And by the way, I watched his videos to make sure the AI is not hallucinating here. And Rover is actually short. And this trade makes total sense. That's exactly what he's doing right now. Doesn't this look very similar with the trade that the AI placed at the beginning of this video? Hmm, maybe he's also using AI. Why did I place this crazy idea into this GPT 5.5 video? Well, because they have browser use, right? It can place trades on my chart. And I have access to GPT 5.5, which is one of the smartest models, right? So, this combination is very powerful, right? And I thought, if it can suggest trades by itself, that's great. But what if it can read other people's trades and put them on my chart as well? So, I have a full overview. Make sense, right? And this is just the beginning, right? Because I was looking at YouTube, and it's actually the very heavy use case. But I can also read news, right? I can read news portals that I care about, place those trades. I can read through social what Trump is saying and place those as well, right? I can check on-chain data, right? Because it can code, right? It's of course much more powerful than the one I showed you that TradingView has built in, right? That's why I'm so excited about this combination of the browser and the AI in one unit. But let me give you a word of warning, okay, guys? Because influencers are special breed, okay? Like they like to communicate positive news, okay? So, they might tell you that they enter, but they might not tell you that they exit. They forget, right? They go to the next coin, and they tell you they enter that coin, but they forget to tell you when to sell the other one they talked about a month ago, right? Okay, so you have to make sure to either set your own stop losses, okay, or at least ask the freaking AI to set a stop loss for you because you don't want to have a position open forever and then become a bag holder, okay, guys? Messing around with AI is cool, but if you have a portfolio that is larger than you need a system that already works. Consider the auto trading master class, my baby, where I teach my entire system on how to play the markets, no matter what they throw at you. By the way, watch this video here if you want to know everything about it and then decide later on if you care about this. But, I give access to my personal strategies that I'm using in the market. By the way, we exited Bitcoin right here at around 111,000 and our members were fully in cash waiting for the next opportunity. If you were watching what I just showed you on the chart, you might even see the next buy signal, but I leave that to you. And this is an educational program. You go through the education, you get access to everything that you need to learn how to build a risk-adjusted portfolio, to decide how much funds to invest in which strategy, which coins to pick even using the trend radar, which helps us dramatically to not pick coins that are irrelevant. But, before you consider joining or even applying for access, make sure to watch this video that is here on the page. And only when it makes total sense to you, then apply for access. Do some researches well, check the reviews, also check me out on LinkedIn. Do whatever you have to, but make sure that this is for you and it makes a lot of sense. And also, keep in mind that this is limited to 1,000 members because this system, I don't want it to be in too many people's hands, okay? And the application process is because I'm searching for people who can actually follow a system long enough because imagine doing nothing for so long and just sitting on your hands is very hard. But, it's super important to be able to do that because otherwise, you will overtrade and you will basically have your emotions take over. And that's why I'm searching for people who understand that you cannot get rich quick. You need to stick to the system. You need to do risk management. And the community I'm building with the auto trading members is the highest quality community on the market simply because of this application process, okay? So, if this is for you guys, then apply for access. And if there is a match, we understand each other, then you can join. To use this for yourself, guys, first of all, you need Codex installed on your machine. It's very easy. Go to open ai.com {slash} Codex. I will put the link down below, and then just download the app and start it. Once the application is running, of course, log in with your ChatGPT account so that it knows which subscription you have and so on, and then make sure to click on a new chat over here. And then, as always, give it a folder to work in on your computer. Just create a folder somewhere where you keep your AI projects. Make a new one for this use case. Give it that, and then make sure to choose GPT 5.5, and as well, high. You don't need to go to extra high. That doesn't really add much value. If you go lower, yes, it's faster, but sometimes it makes mistakes. So, I figured high is the best balance. And the new feature I was talking about is called browser use, right? And this is how it looks like. You just tell it, "Hey, use the browser to do this and this, right?" But in a prompt, it would look like this because otherwise, I cannot tell it that it should open the browser, and this is a trick to just tell the AI to do exactly what I want it. So, just copy this prompt to prime the AI to get it started, and paste it here, and let's go. And let me close this panel here to have more space. And what it will do now, it will just open the browser, go to this URL, and if I'm already logged in, and you should log in to TradingView, right? But if I'm already logged in, then I should immediately see the chart. Ta-da! Perfect. So, I can see the chart. The AI understands I'm logged in with this test account. Everything is fine. And now I can go back to the prompts document. Link is down below. And I can tell it to analyze the chart and give me trade setups. Just like that. Paste it and wait for it to finish. I'm not going to wait. I already showed you how this works, but this is the flow, all right? And of course, you can take the other prompts as well and experiment with them. And in case you need help with this or other things I show on this channel, then make sure to join the Telegram community where you find me and my administrators, which are from different time zones, so we can help people 24/7. You're welcome. Now, there is one mistake that you might make, like I did that mistake, is that I zoomed out like this because I thought, "Hey, the AI will see more data." But, the problem is that if I do that, then this is what the AI actually sees. It sees your chart, but it also sees this weird gray areas, and then when it tries to place elements on the chart, it will be in the wrong coordinates. So, don't zoom out, don't zoom in, just stay at 100%. To make sure you are at 100%, click anywhere on the chart to select basically the viewport, and then press command zero, and then here you can see I'm at 100%. And now, let's make another screenshot to see if it fixes the issue. You see, now it can see the browser properly without weird gray areas on the right and on the bottom. You would have run into this and be very confused, that's why you're watching this channel, right? And that's how easy it is, guys, to use all of this. If you have other ideas what can be done with this combination of AI plus browser, then let me know down in the comments. I'd love to hear from you guys and also get inspired for new videos, of course. You might remember the previous video I made about TradingView's AI, and it can do similar things because it can also draw on the chart, but draw on the chart is not the same as going to the internet, fetching information from YouTube videos, from on-chain, from news portals, and so on, right? That's very different, that's why this is actually more powerful than the AI from TradingView, at least as of today. But then again, there are some limitations where GPT 5.5 does not want to create trading alerts for us because that would be trading in our name, but it well, whatever, right? The AI from TradingView does that. So, the cool thing is that this AI can place all the stuff on the chart, and then you simply go to TradingView's AI and let it create the alerts. I'm super excited where this whole journey is going, so make sure to be subscribed for the next videos about how AI can help us in trading. And in case you guys want to build your own trading strategies with AI the best way possible, the fastest, most reliable way possible, then this is the next video you must watch. Dream [music] is strange view. Uh-huh. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Search [music] is we know what to do. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> [music] >> Stop loss is set. Watch the price rise and fall.
