That's right, guys. In this video, I'm going to show you what you have to do to actually make money in crypto, okay? Because nobody tells you this, okay? Everyone is like, "Buy this coin, buy that coin. Never sell the coin. You'll be fine." But you're not fine, okay? Because if you were fine, you wouldn't watch this video, okay? In this video, I'm going to share with you the four steps that you need to take to actually make money in crypto long-term and keep the profits so you can actually spend them on something in your life, okay? not just write it all back down. You know what I'm talking about. Yes. If you like all of that, then make sure to watch the video until the end. Massage the like button, subscribe to the channel, click the bell, click on all because this channel is lifechanging. This educational channel. All right, I have playlists that change your life forever. You will see. Welcome if you're new. Welcome back if you're already a subscriber. As always, this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money. But that is why you subscribe to this channel. You watch the videos, you apply the knowledge so that you actually have the best chances possible to make it. All right, as compared to the other people who don't know what they're doing. And now let me share with you the steps that you must take to actually make money in crypto long term. Let's get started. Step number one is to realize who you are. I mean who you are in the market. Are you a market participant that is a professional trader and investor understands the cycles and the psychology and the emotions and the tricks that market makers are playing and the news which are deceiving you and all these things or are you a retail investor who is doing this once in a while basically as a tourist and you're busy with other things right you're busy with your job with your family with your business right you're building stuff right you don't have time to become a professional trader or an investor right so you have to realize is that you are most likely a retail investor and retail investors statistically lose money. Okay, as you can see in this study here, BIS found out that in the last bull market 81% up to 81% of retail investors lost money in Bitcoin even if that asset went up hundreds of percent. The reason is simple. They trade with emotions and using the wrong strategies. Buy and hold and DCA are not a strategy, okay? Because they don't have a sell signal. This is very important. Another thing why you should be educating yourself. I have a video about that. Why buy and hold and DCA are the worst strategies in this universe for risk assets that can go to zero, which is exactly crypto. And don't come to me and say, "Yeah, but Bitcoin it came back." Yes, but you're still losing purchasing power and opportunity costs. Never mind the fact that most of your altcoins went down 80 90% and most of them did not recover. Oops, which is massive. Okay, again, please educate yourself. You are a retail investor. You need to learn these things. Watch the video I mentioned before. So, 81% of people lost money. You have to be clear that you are potentially one of these people. If you are one of these people, then you must finish watching this video because I have a solution. Okay? It's a pretty simple solution once you know what I'm talking about. So, you need to realize step number one, you are not a professional trader and you will fall into all of the traps that the market has set for you. Step number two, you need to realize that trading indicators are actually lying to you about their performance. And I have a video about that which you must watch after this one proving that trading indicators they look good on screen. But when you turn them into a trading strategy which I have a video with over a million views about that. Yes. Okay. They don't perform as well as they would look when you look with your own eyes because then when you see the back test how they really perform. And keep in mind that a lot of these indicators they have an offset. I can offset it so that it triggers earlier. So, it looks great, but then it's actually repainting. That's a different topic. I have another video. Like I told you, this whole channel is educational and gamechanging. Okay? So, you cannot use trading indicators to make money. I'm sorry. It doesn't work. Especially because of step number one, you are not a professional trader. You don't even know that these indicators are not good enough because you don't know how to evaluate them, which is why you have to watch the video I just mentioned before. Okay? So, that's step number two. You cannot make money with trading indicators. I'm sorry, it will not work. All right, let's get into the solution space. Step number three, you need a trading strategy. Okay, I just told you that indicators will not cut it. So, strategies, that's the thing that you need. Okay, that's what I'm talking about on this channel because that's my conviction. Okay, trading strategies show you a back test. Okay, you have numbers, right? You can see the performance, right? It's not just hopes and dreams. Yes. Okay. And I will keep it short in this video because I love to make long videos. In this one, I really want to cut it short. So, if you want a trading strategy, simply go to signum.money, make an account for free. We have two strategies which are pretty good. You can get access to them directly from the interface and start using them. Okay? It's pretty easy. That's what you have to do. Okay? I could talk about trading strategies all day, right? I could, for example, tell you that you need to learn how to evaluate a trading strategy. I have a video about that. Or how to avoid repainting. I have a video about that as well. Or how to avoid overfitting. I'm working on a video on that. It's a complex topic. Okay. But to keep it short, yes, there are trading strategies you can use out of the box and that will solve a big chunk of your problem. One more thing I want to add to this is that having a trading strategy that is good doesn't mean that you automatically will be profitable or be successful. And the reason is you, right? Not the strategy. Because it is actually very hard to follow a strategy for the long term. Okay? That's why I have this video. Okay? That's why I have my Telegram group. Join the Telegram group to remind you over and over and over again how important it is to stick to a plan once you have a plan. Okay? That's a different topic for a different video. So again, subscribe. Okay? Like the video by the way if so far you learned something. But there is step number four which is very important. That's why the heart is there, right? There is a heart icon because that's the the juicy part. Okay. So, in order to make it easier for you to actually stick to a strategy and execute it properly, step number four is you need to learn to automate the trading strategy. Okay? It has to execute its signals automatically on your exchange because then you have a higher chance of actually making it happen, right? Because you're busy. I said that in the beginning, right? You have a job, family, you have sick, you're on vacation, God knows what you have, but you want this freaking trading strategy that you have chosen to execute, right? To buy and sell when it makes sense. And that is why step number four is about automation. Okay? Automation is my game. That's why my channel is called Michael Automates. All right? And automating a trading strategy is super easy. Okay? I made it easy for you. All right? Go to signum.money create an account and then once you have an account go to the strategies tab and you will find the gshian channel and the Ichimoku strategy click on get access on each of them put your name your trading view username follow the instructions here there is even a video for each strategy right so you understand how to autom it's very easy right so get your feet wet okay get started with automation and if you want to become a pro in automation and get the best strategies with my tactics, my risk management, my riskadjusted portfolio, then make sure to go to autotrading.vip and apply for the masterclass. Yes, the masterass is invite only. We have to speak and we have to like each other. This is not for everybody, but it's a freaking gamecher. If your portfolio is $25,000 or more, we have hundreds of happy members. Maybe you will become one of them. So, if you want to make it long-term in crypto, okay, make profits and keep them, then this was the video to watch. But now you need to execute it, okay? For that, this is the next video you must watch. [Music] know what to do. Yeah. [Music]
