That's right, guys. Bitcoin hit a new all-time high. I'm here in Italy and I'm going to give you a market update from my automation point of view. As you can see here, the gorian channel strategy played this very nicely on the Bitcoin 1day chart. You can see here we have a buy signal way here in Let me check when that was exactly it was in 23rd of April, right? Since then, don't really care. The strategy is taking care of it. So it is now in profit about let me measure this for you right now about 18% on Bitcoin and let me also show you Ethereum just for fun. Ethereum is in profit as well as you can see here. Sana is in profit as well as you can see here. Not a lot but still and Sui let me show you SUI as well as well. Sui is in profit about 39%. That's crazy. Tao let's go there just for fun. Where did it buy? bought over here and it's now in profit 38%. So guys, we were playing this very nicely. As you know on this channel, we're all about trade automation. We pick a strategy based on data, okay? Not on hype. We automate it and we go on vacation, right? I am now in Italy. Actually, let me show you like this. I'm now in Italy with my wife for 3 weeks. My portfolio is of course fully automatic. Let me show you actually how my portfolio looks like right now. So this is my portfolio fully automatic with the trading strategies that well I have my personal ones right I automate it okay I don't want to look at the chart every day right I'm just going to tell you automate your assets forget about it and go and do something else okay build a business have a job make a career go on vacation right but do not trade this stuff manually okay unless you're a professional trader let's talk about what I think is next for the Bitcoin and the crypto charts because if you can See this? This is a W pattern over here, right? And if you measure it like this, yes, it's not very scientific because this measurement stuff is not scientific in general. But if you can see here, it has already reached its target, right? So I don't expect Bitcoin to just go up like this. All right? I do expect it to create some kind of a consolidation over here, right? So I do believe that it will do something like this and then only break out. All right? So again, this is my expectation. Do I trade this manually? No. Okay, waste of time. I automate it. The strategy will take care of it. Now, the goshion channel strategy, if you're asking yourself, when would it sell? Well, it sells only when the price goes below or inside of this channel again, which is very far away, right? It's very far away from that. So if you go way back, okay, you go way back, you can see it stays in the trend in the trade and in the trend for a long time until it goes back into the channel and then it takes profit, right? So if that trend takes forever, right? Then it will stay in for a long time, right? Forever, right? So it will just sell here. It doesn't matter that it crashed here or it corrected there or it doesn't matter. Okay? And this is where you have time to plan what you do with the money that you have made. All right, which is awesome. Which I buy real estate, you can do other things. So this is the easiest way to play this. All right, so if this will have a couple of corrections, goes up again, correction goes up again, it doesn't really matter because the channel will not be pierced, right? And when the channel is pierced, it will take profit. But until then, it will just stay invested. There is no reason to mess around. There's no reason to mess around. Okay? Like I told you on this channel, we automate. I'm an engineer. I love automation and I love to enjoy life. Okay, that is why again okay this side I'm on vacation my portfolio is fully automatic. If you want to do the same thing, you can simply do following thing, right? You go to signnum.money. Okay, you create an account and then once you are in signum, you click on strategies and here go gshian channel. That's the strategy I just showed you on the chat. Click on get access, put your trading view username, follow the instructions. It's very simple, right? And then you can start automating the strategy. By the way, there's even a video on how to automate this particular strategy so you have exactly the same outcome that I showed you here on the chart. It's very simple, guys. I don't think it gets any simpler than that, to be honest. All right. And so, if you want to learn how to do any of that, first of all, like this video, subscribe to this channel, learn automation. Please learn automation. It's so easy, mate. Okay? It's so easy. If you don't do this, you're missing out. Okay? And if you want to get started right now, fully for free, then this is the next video you should watch. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Strategies. We know what to do. Yeah. Do you stop loses set? Watch the bus rise and
