That's right, guys. There is a new version of the Gaussian channel strategy. You asked for it, and now it has shorting logic. Yes, on Bitcoin it makes more profit and has a lower drawdown than the previous version. On AVX, it has about double the profit with the same max drawdown. The same is true for Fetch.ai, where it has a higher profit with the same drawdown. But, is it better than the previous version on more than those assets? And why did it take me so long to create a shorting version of this freaking strategy? And also, which one is the absolute best trading strategy from my universe and in the entire industry, in my opinion? I asked the AI, it ran the backtests, and the results are in. I will answer all of these questions and more in this video, and of course, as well, how you can get access to this new strategy right now. And guys, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you, because otherwise, the YouTube algorithm will never know, and also, you're supporting this channel. Also, remember, this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money, guys, and that is why I run this educational channel, so that you are always ahead of the herd. Subscribe, and let's go. I created this, guys, with Claude Opus 4.6, plus my backtesting engine. Without the backtesting engine, it wouldn't have worked anyway, because otherwise, the AI would have just given me some random new code without knowing what the backtest results are. Okay, now it can run thousands and millions, really, of combinations of indicators with parameters and ideas, and it can give you the best one, and that's exactly what happened here. And that's also the reason why it took me some time to come up with this version, because every time I tried, the AI gave me code, but it wasn't better. And most of the time, it gave me Right? But now, with the backtesting engine, which, again, you also have access to, watch my video I mentioned before, it was able to verify that its results are correct, and it gave me the best one, and that's exactly how I ended up with this version on my chart right here where you see the P&L and the max drawdown for Bitcoin in this case being quite amazing really. And here you can see the enable shorts checkbox which when checked it uses this new logic and when unchecked it goes back to behaving like the previous strategy was. I told the cloud code AI to use the backtesting engine and the backtesting engine is here in this folder and by the way I explained how this works in my previous videos so you can learn it from there. Just as a recap, you basically tell the AI where that engine is and there is a folder you can pick on your hard drive where it is and then it will take that and it will use it to run back tests, okay? So that it can actually give you the best version, okay? So I told it look, there is the Gaussian channel Pine Script code in the folder which is by the way in the strategies folder exactly here and also the chart data that I've given it here so that it can run back test on more than just one asset. I've downloaded that from TradingView as you know again part of my previous video. Take that, okay, and do something with it, yes? Add shorting logic so that so that you have a higher profit and the same or lower max drawdown. This matters guys because everything in trading is about risk reward ratio, okay? So if you increase the risk to the maximum then it doesn't really matter how much money you make because you can lose all that money. So max drawdown has to be below 50, okay? And so I told it really, please try to increase the profit by adding shorting logic but keep the drawdown where it is or lower. That's of course best case scenario, right? What will most likely happen though is that both will increase but the ratio should be still good. And that's exactly what the AI did, it ran multiple rounds to find the best trading strategy, tried a lot of ideas, picked idea number nine as the winner, then I asked it to generate the Pine Script code so I can check it on TradingView. It looked good, it looked exactly like it shows me here in the back test but then I said, "Yeah, cool but can you create an even better one? Let's generate more ideas." It came up with ideas. I said, "Yes, let's run round three. All right." And then it said, "Cool." Ran all of that, but still idea number nine is the best one, which is exactly this trading strategy here, Gaussian Channel 3.3. Let's put it on the chart and check the KPIs. Let's look at the KPIs of some major crypto assets. We're going to compare the old version with the new version, okay? So, look over here. It says V 3.3, that's the new version, right? And if I click on the old one, you will see V 3.1. That's how you know which numbers we're looking at. And of course, for the new version, we have shorts enabled. Let's look at Bitcoin. The old version had these KPIs, 2.7k P&L with 30% max drawdown. You already know that. The new version has 5.6k P&L with 25%, almost 26% max drawdown. So, this is a massive difference because the new version has more than double the P&L with lower drawdown. That's best-case scenario. Of course, we need to take care of overfitting. One asset doesn't mean anything because it could be fitted to the history of that asset to perform perfectly, but then it doesn't work in the future, right? So, in order to avoid that, let's look at the same strategy on different assets, and let's look at Ethereum next. On Ethereum, the old version made 710% profit with 52.73% max drawdown. Not the best numbers, also above my 50% threshold for the max drawdown. So, let's see if the new version can do better. The new version is slightly better with 980% profit and 49.57% max drawdown, which is below my 50% threshold. So, there you go. This has been an improvement. Still not the best numbers because my personal strategy ends up at 4,061% profit with 22.8% max drawdown. More on that later. And in case you're wondering, this backtest goes from 1st of January 2018. I use that date to test all of my strategies with because then you can compare the results with each other, which makes your life much easier when you watch my channel. And also because I want to cut off what happened before that because before that, you could have bought in any day and you would be up, okay? So, that's not really good for testing a strategy if any strategy would have made money, right? It's better to test when it started to become tricky, which is 2018 in my opinion. Let's go over to Solana and compare the strategies with each other and keep your eyes on the total P&L here and the max drawdown when I'm switching between them because you will see the numbers are pretty much the same. You can see the profit is at 13,500 and the max drawdown is around 47 to 50%. So, it's pretty much the same. No improvement here by adding shorting. Let's go to ADA because this is becoming interesting over here. So, the old version made a profit of 436% and with a drawdown that is huge, 75% max drawdown. Not great. I would never use this strategy on this asset, right? Going to the new version, is it better or not? It's actually worse because it has only 192% profit with even higher max drawdown, okay? 84.76% max drawdown. And that means that you make less profit with a higher risk. It doesn't make any sense. And yes, you can get access to this new strategy here in Signum. It's called Gaussian Channel Strategy V3.3. Go to the strategies tab on signum.money and then click on get access, put your TradingView username there and click on give access now. Once you have access, you can of course automate the entire trading strategy on your exchange to take the buy and sell signals and also the shorting signals from the strategy and execute them on your exchange. And if you want to learn how to automate, then simply scroll down here and watch this video. It talks about the previous version of the strategy, but the automation is really the same. The only difference is that when you create your bot, you need to create a futures bot, cuz you need to short, right? For that, you need futures. We support HyperLiquid and Bybit for futures. 100% recommend HyperLiquid here because they are doing a great job. It's an on-chain exchange, and it supports not only shorting and futures, but also it supports tokenized stocks and metals, which is a new feature. It's called Hip 3. We've added support for it recently, and you're going to love that. If you want to save 4% on your trading fees, click this button to create an account with, or if you already have an account, click here on referrals and enter the code Signum, so you get 4% off. And then, just follow these instructions, very simple. Create account, fund account, create API key, connect the whole thing, and then you will have a HyperLiquid bot like me over here, and you will have one bot per asset. And here you can see I was testing Amazon USDC. So, this is the Hip 3 support, and this is really cool stuff. I want to show you this right now. So, here you can go ahead, and you can type XYZ to find all the tokenized assets. You can see copper here, you can see gold, you can see Google, and so on. So, you can use this strategy for more than just crypto. As you can see, some assets got an improvement, while others actually got worse. And I got super intrigued about this, because of course I wanted to know, "Okay, is this strategy overall better compared to the previous one, but also others that we have?" For example, in Signum, you have access to the Gaussian channel, but also to the Ichimoku, which works on the 4-hour chart. And as well, we have the strategies from the course for my auto trading masterclass. And my question was, "Can this AI run a massive backtest, where it tests all of these strategies, and gives me its personal opinion about which one is the overall best risk-reward strategy?" Okay? And that's exactly what I did. Let's check how I did it and also the results. I started small and I told it to take the backtesting engine V6, which you also have access to, link down below, and then I told it to compare two strategies. And I started small, right? Cuz I said here take the Gaussian Channel Pro. It was one of my internal versions of the strategy, which was pretty good, and compare it with this new one that also it has created, and just tell me which one is the best risk reward from your point of view. So, I didn't even tell him how exactly to do that. Just freaking tell me, right? Cuz I wanted it to be non-biased. And after running some of the KPIs, it told me that overall the V3.3 wins against the ATX Pro, which is cool because that means I have a better strategy than before. So, I was quite excited, and then I went on and said, "Look, also compare with the Gaussian Channel 3.1, which is the one that you all had access to, the old version of the Gaussian Channel strategy." And then here it had to do session compression because, yeah, I talked to it a lot. And after a lot of messing around and doing a running backtests, it basically said, "Okay, 3.1 is the long only version, right? 3.3 is the long and short version, and the ATX was still part of the mix." Although I could have kicked it out anyway because it already lost against this one, but let's see, right? And then it basically says that the ATX Pro wins on raw returns. Yes, it has higher profits, but the drawdowns are sometimes brutal. Like, for example, on Solana it was 98%. Totally unacceptable, right? And then it said the V3.3, the new Gaussian Channel, offers the best balance. Okay, so basically it won again. And I said, "Hey, cool. So, now let's add Bot Fast Reentry." And well, you have to know what this is. Bot Fast Reentry is from my masterclass. It's also the one I showed you here before, and I kind of made a joke by putting it on ADA because both of them kind of failed on ADA, right? And I wanted to know if my Bot Fast Reentry, as it comes in the masterclass, is better than these guys and later on I added Ichimoku as well and then basically it said that the overall winner is both fast re-entry. Okay, I'm happy, yeah. But then it didn't yet compare all strategies that I have at hand. So I added more and so on and I spare you the entire conversation cuz it's massive. And so in total, all right, in total after looking at a lot of assets and a lot of strategies, both fast re-entry wins and not even it's not even close, okay? It wins massively and the AI basically says both fast re-entry dominates with nearly double the score of the runner-up. And the runner-up, and you'll be surprised now, yeah, you'll be surprised because the runner-up is actually Gaussian channel 3.1 without shorting. Okay? And with shorting, this strategy is on number three. Now that's a plot twist, right? Because you expected the new version to be better and win, but it didn't even win against the previous version that goes long only. And that has a good reason. It's because markets spend more time going up than going down. No matter if it's bull market or bear market. And yes, if you watched Benjamin Cohen, he's saying the same thing. So shorting is risky and hard because the market spends more time going up than going down. So you have less chances of making money. Of course, there is other reasons like for example, with shorting, you can never make more than 100% because an asset cannot go below zero, okay? But an asset can go to infinity on the upside. That is very limiting. So that's another reason and I have a video about why shorting is very risky and I will put it up there. But in any case, the AI was able to find the shorting logic. It does work on some assets, but overall it's not better because shorting adds risk. That is why if you measure by risk reward, which is what I did here with the AI, it cannot win against long only, okay? Yes, your mind will be bored, okay? Cuz what am I doing in the bear? I have to just wait. Yeah, because you make more money. Not financial advice, but I'm proving you here with numbers long-term. Okay? Short-term, you might get lucky, but if you play the game long-term, which is what you want, right? You will lose out against the long only strategy. That's the facts. And if you want to have access to the bot fast re-entry strategy, then listen to my next >> message. If your crypto portfolio is $25,000 or more, then you need more than just trading strategies. Consider the auto trading masterclass where I teach you my entire process, including my trading strategies, of course, which are the best in the industry. Click on these screenshots and you will see every single trade they took. But you need the education to properly build a risk-adjusted portfolio, to know how to play the markets depending on the cycles, and how to rebalance, how to use all of this to your advantage, right? Do your homework, by the way. Check the reviews, watch the video here on the website, and you will understand that this is a limited access program for 1,000 people only. We still have some seats because I just started the program 1 year ago. This is the most advanced program that you can find, and this is just for higher net worth individuals, for people who have enough money to understand that risk management is the most important thing, okay? So if this is for you, apply for access, click this button. We're going to talk to each other. If it's a good match, then you can join. And a game-changing addition that I added to the masterclass is the AI trend radar. On a daily basis, we analyze the trends of the top 100 by market cap coins so that you never miss out on a trending asset. And once it trends in the right direction, you can apply the process fully automated with the strategies and what you learn in the masterclass. Never again you will miss out on a coin that has momentum. The conclusion, guys, is that this new strategy can improve your performance, but it can also worsen it. It really depends which assets you have in your portfolio, right? Because as you have seen on some assets, it does improve and on others, it doesn't. So, it's really best to use the overall best strategy you have access to, and that's what I'm doing. Yes, it might take longer to play out, but it makes more money long term. Why wouldn't I do that? Okay? Trading and investing is not stable income. It's anyway meant for long term. Because you will focus on your business, on your job, okay? On your career, right? Right? Focus on that, put your energy there, and then leaving a strategy to play out long term with good numbers is much easier, right? Because you don't have to look at it every day. All right? That's the winning combination, guys. Please don't forget I'll make a video about this specifically, but it's not about short term, because if you make it quick, you can lose it quick. And if you want to use AI to build your own trading strategies with the backtesting engine that makes it super easy, then definitely this is the next video you must watch. [music] It's strange view. Uh-huh. Ooh, yeah. >> [music] >> Ooh, yeah. Strategies, we know what to do. >> [music] >> Yeah. Ooh, yeah. Stop loss [singing] set, watch the price rise [music] and fall.
