That's right guys, you can now automate trading strategies on Hyperlquid on a decentralized exchange. More on that later, where you can connect your wallet and trade those funds without KYC and also it's very cheap to operate, especially if you live in a country where your exchanges are usually expensive. I'm not going to name names, then this could be a great option for you. On top of that, Hyperlquid is number one when it comes to trading volume for decentralized exchanges for derivatives, aka futures. And yes, it also supports shorting and leverage. So you can do that as well. I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. So basically, we're going to run through this awesome and amazing diagram showing you exactly how the trading signals get from your trading strategy into Hyperlquid, how to set everything up. Also, we're going to look at how to create an account, even how to fund the Hyperlquid account, how to create a bot, how to automate the trading strategy from beginning to the end. All right. I also going to tell you about the risks of using Hyperlquid and also the trading fees and all of that in this video. And at the end of the video, you're basically fully equipped to take a strategy. I will show you which one and automate it and have all the signals getting automatically executed. I'm very excited because this opens massive amount of opportunities. I think also that Signnum, the tool I'm showing you now for automation, is the first one who has decentralized exchange integration. So, you're the first one to know. You're the first one to use it. It's awesome. Let's get started. And as always, this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money in addition to the risks that the blockchain and decentralized exchanges bring to you, which I will explain at the end of the video. All right, let's get started with the trading flow so you know how everything works and then we're going to go and make it happen, right? Very briefly, the trading flow looks like this in this diagram. Let's zoom in and check it out. Right? So, you have a strategy on trading view. Any strategy, okay? like this one for example, gshian channel or whatever strategy. And we also have a couple of strategies here in Signnum, right? We have the Ichimoku as well on top of the gshian. We have also some hull suit and some other stuff that you can use any strategy. Okay, it will take or it will have trading signals. This is a buy signal. For example, the blue arrow is a buy signal. That's how Trading View shows it. And then it will send an alert. So you have to set up an alert. That's all you have to do, right? Set up an alert. And the alert has a web hook. And the web hook is sent to signum and signum knows what to do right and then if you tell signnum to send the trading signal to hyperlquid then that's what going to happen right so it will open positions on hyperlquid here right on the positions tab it will go short long leverage everything right is fully supported it works pretty much the same as if you use buy bit or binance or whichever other centralized exchange so that's the gist of it all right so in signnum you can then go ahead and set up the leverage factor and all of this stuff which I will show you later on. But quickly here you can have basically a hyperlquid connection and depending on the trading pair you can have different leverage allowance depending on what hyperlquid allows you to do and then here you just copy this and with this you can buy and sell or long and short. So there is only one alert that you need. It's very simple to set up but you need to understand because this is on a decentralized exchange you have multiple options to create an account. So, let's talk about creating an account next. When it comes to creating an account, you have two options, wallet or email. That's what Hyperlid allows. Let me show you the difference. And basically, let me tell you which one we're going to look at in this video because it's quite important. So, first of all, you can do the wallet version, right? Where you go to Hyperlquid, you click connect, and then you connect with a wallet, right? Or the other option is to use an email address. Fun fact, email address is much easier than wallet because well, many reasons I will show you in this video. But if you want to stay fully onchain and basically, you know, never touch a centralized exchange or not have any connection to your any personal email accounts or anything like that, well, of course, then wallet will be your option. And wallet is also the one we're going to look at because in signum, we're already explaining when you create a bot here, right? You click on create bot futures hyperlquid. Yeah. You scroll down and we already explain how to set everything up with email. It's very easy and has a lot of benefits as well. If you have no issues using an email address, then it's actually simpler. All right, but if you want to know how to do it with a wallet, then continue watching this video and also I will tell you even more of like how to set up the automation and everything, right? So the wallet, right, we have to keep in mind as always in Signum, right, we want sub accounts. Okay, so this is my MetaMask for example and I want each bot to have their own funds and not co-mingle them with other funds as always because this is called segregation of accounts and it's very important. Okay, we even have a video in Sigma about this. But very briefly, I will show you the video as well, but very briefly, if a strategy, right, the bot trades and makes profits, then it should take its own profits into the next trade and be able to trade with more funds, right? But if they're all together in one wallet and it's not clear which funds belong to which bot, then it's a bit tricky, right? Because there will be times when you're not invested at all and then those funds just lie on the account and then another bot can take them, right? So this is one downside if you co-mingle them. But if you really want to know exactly why sub accounts or segregation of accounts both are important then watch this video here. It's linked everywhere whenever you set up a you know a bot here. We have the link to this video because we want to make sure people understand why this is important. All right. So in order to mimic sub accounts which don't really exist in you know web 3 space we create different accounts in the wallet. It's very simple. So I have one account which has 10 bucks here to show you today how to how it works, how it trades and everything and I have this naming convention right hyper because I want to know that this is an account for hyperlquid gshian gshian channel strategy on bitcoin right this is also hyper Ichimoku on Solana right and this is how I remember or I see easily which account belongs to which trading bot all right and how to create this is very simple right so you have one wallet right so you have just one seed phrase obviously you're not going to create a new seed phrase, right? That's not necessary at all because within one seed phrase, one wallet, you can have multiple accounts. And so, you click here on the top to select the account, but then on the bottom here, you click to add account or hardware wallet. But we're going to add an account. Then you click on Ethereum account, right? And you give it a name and see Hyper Goshian BTC. Boom. Right? Very easy. Click on add account. And that's what you have to do to create this account. And it now has, you know, you now have a new wallet address actually. And you need to just switch the network because you need to be on arbitum. That's because when you go to hyperlquid to deposit funds, well, I will show you later, but when you deposit funds, they want it on arbitum. All right. So then click here, right? Switch to arbitum one. All right. And then this is the wallet address that you have for this trading bot. Cool, right? So obviously now you need to get funds onto this account right so let's talk about that next to add funds to the account you have two options again sending it onchain right from some other blockchain to arbitum onto your wallet or from a centralized exchange let's show you both of them it's very simple to do and so remember that you have created a new account right it has this wallet address okay this is mine for example here and so I can just copy this wallet address right and I can send funds to it right from wherever All right. So, first option is to send it from a different wallet to this wallet. Obviously, it has to be on the Arbitum blockchain. So, that is why let me show you and I will put the link down below. There is an Arbitum bridge. Okay, you can use it. It's very simple, right? It's a official one. So, you can go to the link down below and you can use this bridge, right? Let me delete the squiggles. And basically, what I'm showing you here is that you're selecting the network where you have your USDC, right? You put the amount you want to bridge and then you pick arbitrum one as the receiving chain right USDC that's what you want to move over and you do it and so on and then you have funds on the wallet it's very simple right so at some point it will look like this because USDC is there right on arbitum okay but there is one small caveat of course because you're fully on chain you need to also have the gas token on arbitum and that is ethereum all right so you need to also have ethereum on that account on that wallet. All right. So, I will send myself some Ethereum right now and get back to you. All right. I have some Ethereum. I have USDC. Now, I'm ready to go to Hyperlquid and to connect and to deposit the USDC onto the Hyperlquid account. So, I clicked on connect. I get this popup. I will show you that later on. I don't think you see it now. So, then I am connected now with my wallet to this exchange. You can see, right? Both the same address. Awesome. Now what I have to do is I have to get out of the way. So let me put myself over there and I have to enable trading. So click on that approve whatever signing you have to sign and then arbitum USDC max 10. They know right cuz we're connected with the wallet so it sees the USDC there. Now you can click deposit right and you need to approve the transaction. There is a pop-up coming, right? And you need to approve this. And that's why you need the gas token, right? Because you need to send the funds into the exchange smart contract. So, confirm this and then waiting for the funds to arrive on Hyperlut. How do you see if it's arrived? You go to balances. It's on the bottom here. And you wait for it to pop up. Tada. Now I have USDC for the perpetual account because that's what they really all about here. They are not really big on the spot account. So don't even think about trading spot here, okay? Forget about it. It's useless. I mean, look at the coins they have, right? They have BTC, Ethereum, and the rest is pretty much useless, right? Perpetual futures. That's what this exchange is all about. All right? So that's why the the standard the default and I'm again in the way, right? You don't see that. So here the the standard the default is that the funds are on the perpetuals futures account. Okay? So, I have 10 USDC. Amazing. Trading on this exchange, by the way, will not cost me any gas fees because they sponsor it on their own blockchain, right? So, I can go back and forth. It's not the problem. The only thing I pay are the fees, right? The trading fees, which are pretty low. I will show you that at the end. Okay. Okay. We managed to do all the boring stuff. Now, let's do the fun stuff. All right. Which is creating a bot and automating a trading strategy. So, let's go. Right. So, funding account, check. All right. Now, let's create a bot and automate a strategy. those come together and at the end of the video we're going to talk about the risks of using Hyperlquid and also the fees and my personal opinion. All right, so let's get started with creating a bot. So go to signum.money, click on sign up now. Create an account. All right, and sign up. It's very simple. And then you will end up and you will see something like this. You will not have any bots. That's fine. But then click on create bot here. Okay, click. And now click on futures and then on hyperlquid is the only futures exchange we have for now. We're going to also add, for example, Apex exchange is the next one we're going to add, but more on that in a different video, right? We're going to also add more of the centralized exchanges futures accounts as well. Long story. Just subscribe to the channel, right? You will learn more over time. All right. And here what you need to do is you need to fill in the API wallet address, the private key, and the public address. It's very simple. It's all explained down here. And you have already done create account and fund account because you watch this video. So that's fine. If you want to do it with email, you can follow these instructions. Okay. But now it's about creating the API key which is the last and third step. All right. And that step is the same for everybody. All right. So to create the API key to get these informations here, you need to go to hyperlquid and you're most likely going to be here, right? So you go here, you click on more and then you click on API. Okay. And here you will see there is already an API key that is for Hyperlquid themselves to be allowed to execute trades on your account right that you have just created. So that's how it works, right? If you want to remove it for example, then they will ask you to sign a transaction. All of that stuff is on chain. So do not delete this. Keep it as it is, right? Let's create another API key. It's called signum. I may zoom in a bit. Signum. Yeah. And here you can generate a wallet address. You can click generate however often you like. Once you're happy, right, click on authorize API wallet. Okay. Now click on max validity. And this is the first risk that I have to tell you already because this will expire after 180 days, okay? As it says, and there's no way to extend it or for us to inform you even because they don't tell us how long it will still last. So that's pretty bad, right? So make sure to put in your calendar some kind of reminder to create a new API key, come back to Signnum and change it. All right? Otherwise, your trading will stop working. But having said that, 180 days is quite a long time. I mean six months right you will survive maybe until then they have some cooler things and we're going to integrate automatically extending them over API if they have we will do it right okay so do that but don't yet click authorize okay copy first the API wallet address and go back to signum and put it here okay and now go back here to hyperlquid and copy the private key they have a copy button right click on this and then put here the private key right and you're not done yet okay now click on authorize and you will see there is a pop up and you need to sign this on chain. All right, sign this and then you're not done yet because what you need now is the public address. So, copy this. This is the address of your wallet really. Copy this and then put it here. Okay, and now you're done. Click validate and it should be fine. And this is already a good sign here. I can call it what I call it, Goshion BTC. I don't have to call it hyper because it's clear that it's a hyperlquid bot, right? And I will show you why that's the case. It can already see my funds. You see, right assets on this account 10 USDC. So that's great. Click on create bot. And yeah, we have a bot. There you go. And we have it on BTC USDC. If I go back here, by the way, to my bots, I can see it. And this is the one. And here it says hyperlquid. There's no need to say hyper here, right? I mean, I know it's hyper, right? The whole point of this here in the wallet was that the wallet can have so many accounts. And I want to know which one is for what. Okay, so this is the bot. I can choose because I chose Bitcoin as a trading pair. I can choose 40x leverage, which definitely not a good idea, but whatever. Let's choose like 2x or something and save it. And basically that's it. Right now it's about the automation. So let me talk about the automation next. It's very cool actually very important. So we created the bot but we didn't yet automate the strategy. Right? Because for automating the strategy and let me clear this. We need to connect to trading view. Okay. We we didn't do that yet. We connected to hyperlquid for now. That's fine. But now we need to do this connection as well. Okay. So let's do that now. All right. Right, we're getting closer to the real fun stuff. So now it's about connecting the trading strategy with Signnum, right? Cuz signum is already connected to the exchange. So it is all about automating a trading strategy. Let's go. All right. So you have a couple of options. So if you go to Signnum, you're searching for a strategy. I mentioned before you can take this, this, this, or this, or any strategy from Trading View that you find here, and you search for strategy, right? Oops. you also type it properly and you can search for the whole ecosystem of strategies in trading view. All right, but it's a bit tricky to find a good one. Yes, that is why I have put or we have put some good ones over here. Some of them are signum only where you need to give yourself access by putting your trading view username, right? And we put quite some work into this too and we have some more coming. So, it's going to be cool. But let's say we go for the gosh in channel one. So you can basically go here to to signum to strategies get access put your trading view username the username is to be found here on the top of your profile this one not the email address yeah you need to put the username and then click on give access and that's fine right it will be fine and you will find it here it's very easy right everything is explained in signum but you already know this right if you watch my channel and I have put the gshian channel on my chart but I've also put the the strategy tester on my chart because if you go here to your bot and you want to see signals coming in quickly, right? Then if you scroll down just a little bit, there is a section called you want to test if your board works, yes or no, right? We have a test strategy you can use. So we have a video explaining how that works. Okay? And it's pretty simple. There is a a strategy that is public and it's called signal tester. All right? And this signal tester, it requires you to be on the one minute chart because not to make money. Yeah. But just to basically get signals quickly. All right. And this will send a buy signal in one minute and a sell signal in another minute. Right? And this is long only. But that's what it is, right? So I will update this at some point to be short to also go short so that you can test that as well. But it works, right? So let's take this because you have access to the same exact thing, right? So the signal tester is basically you might even find it by just searching on on trading view. It's completely public. It's called signal tester v1.3 from this guy from me, right? And so put it on the chart. If you're not on the 1 minute, it will tell you please switch to the one minute chart blah blah. If you're here on the one minute, it will tell you now set up a strategy alert. Perfect. That's what we're going to do. All right, let's set up this alert for that. We have the strategy tester open, right? And we are on the signal tester report, right? And here we want to automate this particular strategy. Okay, do not click on alert here. This is the wrong place because this is a price alert. What you need is a strategy alert, right? So you have to create it from here, right? Add alert. And then you can see that the condition is the strategy. Perfect. Right. Okay. Then you need to set it to the future as much as possible. If you have a premium account, you can just set it to an open-ended alert. Set expired or unexpired and then you'll be fine. If you don't have that, set it as far into the future as you can. Always click on the set date button, otherwise it will not take it. And uh obviously now you need to create some kind of reminder in your calendar to come and update the alert because otherwise it will expire and not trigger anymore. But that saves you a lot of money, right? Because if you well if you have the money, buy the premium subscription, maybe wait for Black Friday or whatever, you know, kind of promotion they do and then it pays off. But if you don't have it, you want to save money, do it like this and just set a reminder to come back and change the alert. Okay. So, open-ended alert for me at least, right? Then just need to put in the name, the message, clean the message, right? Nothing inside. And you need to put in the web hook. So, let's do it. It's very simple. Go to signum. Scroll down. This is the tab for automating a trading view strategy. This is what you need for that. So, copy the the alert name. Go to trading view. Put it here. Now, the message. Copy the whole message here. Put it here. Then go to notifications. Turn on web hook URL right copy the web hook URL this is also provided here here go to trading view put it there click create that's it okay so now you have automated right the you have basically taken the strategy signals and sent them to signum right and signum will then send them to hyperlquid so that's what you just did right it looks simple but it's actually very powerful so you have an alert here now right on the alert tab and it already triggered it's a sell signal but well a sell signal Well, we didn't have any position yet, right? So, it's basically useless. So, when you come here and you refresh, it will say skipped sell signal because no position open position was found. That's fine. Okay, no problem at all. And we're going to wait for the buy signal. All right. Also, you can refresh here positions and see which ones you have open. There is none yet. So, if I stay here on Hyperlquid, I will see the position just popping up, right? Once 1 minute is over, it will just boom be here. 2x leverage because that's what we have set up in signum. Right here we have 2x leverage set up. All right. So let's wait for it to count. Okay. I ran into a small issue which might help you right to have the solution as well. So if you have just 10 USDC that's the minimum and if you have below 10 USDC they don't even consider it being there right doesn't exist. So you cannot trade with less than 10 USDC. So I've sent myself a bit more money so I can actually trade with it. So it will arrive very soon and then I will send those USDC to Hyperlquid and then I have almost 20 and then I can do this automation again. All right. So yeah, put more than 10 USDC and you'll be fine. All right, going back to hyperlquid and waiting for this trade to come in to open a position. Now we have enough money, right? We have 19.98 USDC should be enough. So when the next buy signal comes, it will get sent to my account and trade. All right, let's check quickly what this thing is doing. So the last in signal was a buy signal, but that was before I put the money, right? So I need to wait for the next one. Cool. So going there, waiting, and then you will see. Okay, there it is. I have a 2x buy signal and that's awesome. It's invested with uh this amount of money, right? Great. And if I go to signal, I also see that it successfully now placed an order. It was a a buy signal somewhere here. Order buy, right? 100% of my position of my collateral. And then it used um 2x leverage, right? Cuz that's what I put here here on this uh slider. And if you click on refresh positions, you will see the position here. And you can also see the profit and loss that it has. And if you go to the dashboard, this is very cool actually because we fetch the positions because it's a futures account, right? And we take the collateral plus the P&L and add it to your total USD value. So if you would liquidate your entire holdings including your positions, this would be your so-called net worth. Okay, it's pretty cool number. We want this number to go up. All right, so in the dashboard, you now see positions as well, right? That's cool. So going back to the bot, I can actually click directly here and now it has no position because well there was a sell signal coming in right so we had a sell signal here perfect position size zero that's exactly what we want to happen right in the next buy signal it will again go 2x long and so on of course this is just a test so I will delete this alert because it's not very useful for long-term and I will turn off the strategy and instead I want the gshion on the one day chart right So what I will do now is I will check if I like the performance and so on. And as usual, I will automate this strategy with this bot, right? Because this is for the gshian BTC. The goshion needs the 1 day chart, right? So what I will do is simply go here. I will add an alert. I will do the same as before. Put here the name, the message, the notification, click create, and that's it. Because now I've automated it on the one day chart, right? The proper strategy, not the tester. Okay? And I will follow this trading signals, right? So the next trading signal for this particular for this particular strategy and yeah I have some lines on the chart will be a sell signal right because it's already invested right this tiny bit in profit so the next one will be a sell signal right so if you want to be synchronized with the strategy you need to also be invested on the account that you have connected to this bot right that you have and then it will sell for you it's really nice okay you can get started any time right you just need to be synchronized so if if you were starting here, right? Then what you need is the USDC and but if you start here, you need to be already in a position, right? Because it's already in a position, right? Okay, cool. So, you can do that by going here, you can open your own position, right? You can say, okay, I want to go long 2x whatever with 100%, right? Place order, right? And now you're in a position manually, right? You're in position manually. And that is fine because if I refresh, I see the position here. And if you connect this now to this strategy with the alert that I told you before, it will sell or close the position for you automatically. It's really nice. So now I'm synchronized with the strategy, right? Strategy is in a position right now. You can also see that here, right? There is an open long and it's not yet closed. Yeah. And I'm also in a position, right? And I don't have to go to Hyperlid to see this because I can just refresh here or just refresh this whole bot page, right? basically and it will always fetch the latest information and I know okay I'm in a position now you have everything you need to know let me go like this to automate any strategy from trading view on hyperlquid how cool is that all right let me know down in the comments yes you can also go short you can leverage long and short that's the first time that signum can do this right and we've done it in an easy way where you just do exactly the same as before but now it can also short right can also leverage it's very Okay. So go and try it out. If you have a strategy that goes short, then you can use that as well. For leverage, you can just simply select it in signum itself. So as I promised you, I want to talk about a couple of risks. Okay? Because there are some risks that you should know about. So this is the last thing that we have. All right, the risks and the fees. Let's talk about the fees first because that's actually good news. So the fees are very cheap. You can see them over here. And uh you will have the taker fee, right? Because you are a taker. you do market orders and that's fine because you want to copy a strategy. You can't afford to not trade when the strategy trades. You have to trade when the strategy trades and that's why you need to do it with the market order. So here below 5 million trading volume in the last 14 days you pay 0.035%. That is not a lot of money if you think about buy bit for example which cost 0.1% or Coinbase which cost 0.24% 24% or even more maybe slightly more. So that's huge. Okay, it's very cheap this one. And um yeah, so keep that in mind. That is nice. The other well risks that you need to know about or things you need to know about is uh it's about the decentralization part, right? So is Hyperlid fully decentralized? Well, not really because they have their own blockchain but they have a lot of like humans in the loop. It's not completely smart contract driven, right? So they can if they want to block your account, they can block withdrawals. Actually happened already to some exploiter that uh couldn't withdraw its funds. So yes, you can connect with wallet and you can stay anonymous basically. But is it still connected to human intervention and can they do it? Yes. Okay. So the blockchain is not very decentralized. They basically run it themselves, right? Um yeah, but Hyperlid is the largest the largest futures perpetual futures exchange on chain. Okay. Okay, so that is impressive. Okay, that is why this is a very interesting integration. But you need to know what you're doing, right? Also, because this is not spot, you cannot simply buy and hold, right? Because you you're in a position, right? You don't even have the real asset, right? Because you're in futures. Futures are not spot. Spot means you have the real asset. If you buy, right, you have the actual asset in your account. But for futures, you're just betting on the price fluctuations. You never have the asset. Okay? So if you buy at a stupid time and then you think ah I will just hold on to it until it comes back. Okay. But because it's futures, you pay funding fees. All right. So I mean that's very expensive if you hold it for years that the exchange will be very happy but you will lose money all the time, right? Cuz in spot you pay nothing for holding but in futures you do. Okay? I mean especially if you have leverage then you pay even more because you also pay the borrow the fees for borrowing that money, right? So I mean just a couple of things you need to know, right? So um this is why you need to know about the risks of uh of this. Is it for everybody? I don't think so to be honest. It's for people who want to stay you know on chain. There are a couple of very good use cases for that. For example, if you want to trade from a from a country where cheap exchanges are not allowed okay right then you might use this and you know about the risks so you can take them. Right? Then also in a potential bare market that is coming up it's always better to be outside of centralized exchanges. So even if Hyperliquid is still run by humans and they can still intervene, the chances of them, you know, taking your money when they, let's say they go bankrupt, it's very low because it's in a smart contract. Yes, it's in their blockchain and they would be basically fraudulent if they just take the money, right? But in a in a centralized exchange, they have to take the money. That's how they do bailins, right? But here, the chances much higher that they they will go bankrupt and your money is still your money, right? So that is good. I'm not saying 100% that's the case, but it higher chances of that being the case. So if you want to trade in the bare where exchanges have higher chances of going bankrupt, being on a decentralized version is better. Okay, so that's another thing, right, where it makes sense. But you need to keep in mind also that Hyperlid is a is a fresh exchange is a is a new one, right? So the thing is that um it didn't yet prove itself to be resilient when there is a massive draw down bare market or something like that, right? I mean, we have to be honest, right? So those are some of the risks that you need to know about so that you don't take too much risk when you are using this stuff. So I would use it with smaller amounts of money maybe on altcoins right not on bitcoin not on ethereum or sana I think it's fine to split across several exchanges. So for example, you can have signum connected to several large exchanges like for example Binance, buy bit uh you can go Bit as well and have funds spread across so that you mitigate the risk but also you want to trade some smaller altcoins with hyperlquid that's fine right because then you're not putting too much money at risk right you can leverage also so that you have more funds than you have which of course you need to take care but if your idea is to put less money on hyperlquid you do have the money right you just don't want to give it to them then leverage is okay because once you come close to liquidation level you can add more money right the stupid stuff is when you leverage more than you actually have because then you can't cover and then you get liquidated right so that's the big difference here okay so those are the risks this is how you do it I hope you like this video I'm super excited because we now have trade automation on decentralized exchange and more are coming ultra exciting stuff and if you want to learn about the risks of going short and why it's actually riskier than you think, then this is the next video you should watch. Trading view. Uh-huh. Strategies. We know what to do. Yeah. Do you stop losses set? Watch the bus rise and
