That's right, guys. I'm fully out of the market and it is 0% luck that I sold 6 weeks ago together with my entire community and members to get out of the way of this crypto crash to protect our portfolio, to have cash to buy back at lower prices. Instead, it is 100% part of the crypto master plan, which I will share with you in this video. It's three steps only, very easy to get started, and this might be the most important video on my entire channel. Bitcoin sold here. Ethereum sold here. Solana sold over here. And Sui sold over here avoiding a massive crash of about 60%. You can do the same. It's very easy. That's why this video might be the most important video because it has the potential to change your trajectory in crypto forever. Okay, now, here's the thing, guys. I have saved people with what I do on my YouTube and my course and everything. I saved people potentially $174 million, okay? How do I come to this conclusion? Well, 233,000 subscribers, the average portfolio is about 2.5 thousand dollars. The crash in crypto, let's say Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, was roughly 30%. If you multiply these numbers, you arrive at that conclusion, okay? Sadly, I most likely saved less of that because only 5% of people statistically actually stick to any plan, okay? That's why the crypto master plan I'm telling you in this video is so important. So, instead of saving $174 million in people's portfolios so they can buy lower at better prices, I potentially saved only $8.7 million, okay? Still nice, don't get me wrong, but oh my god, I want to help everybody. So, please, people, listen to this video until the end. It's for your own good. And guys, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you because otherwise, the YouTube algorithm will never know. And also, you're supporting this channel. Also, remember, this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money, guys, and that is why I run this educational channel so that you are always ahead of the herd. Subscribe and let's go. The first part of the plan, guys, is to get a trading strategy. And that's so important because that basically also means that you acknowledge that manually trading the market is basically impossible for you because it means that you don't have time to learn to become a professional trader, okay? Because that's what you're fighting against. And I'm going to keep it very short in this video, right? So, you have to acknowledge you're not a good trader. I'm not a good trader, okay? I'm not. That's why I'm using strategies that have high probability of success. They have to be better than me, which they are, yeah, I can prove it numbers, and you can prove it yourself as well by simply putting the strategies on your chart and checking how they have been performing over many years and comparing with your own performance. And then it's quite obvious, right? So, the first thing you need to do is to get a strategy. Let me make it very easy for you. You go to signum.money, which is a trade automation software where you can automate the strategy on your exchange. You sign up, and then once you're logged in, you click on the strategies tab, and here you find the Gaussian channel and the Ichimoku strategy. You give yourself access by clicking on get access, all this stuff, and there's even a video which I will link up top as well, but this video here shows you how to use that strategy, how to automate it, all the good stuff. And the same is true for the Ichimoku strategy where you can scroll down, you can give yourself access. You put your TradingView username here, click give access now, you will see the confetti flying. That is basically your confirmation that now you have access. There is another video for this strategy as well. I will link it up top. That is the first step. You need a strategy, and I'm giving you strategies which are pretty good, and really it's super cheap to use them. You will see later on. Of course, I also have a course which has my personal strategies inside of them, which are very good, obviously not financial advice, but I'm using them for many years, and I will talk about that at the end of the video. But don't get distracted by that. Strategies, guys, okay? You need strategies because that's the only thing that will keep you away from emotional trading, following the herd, buying high, selling low, because that's what people do. They follow other people if they don't know what else to do, okay? So, first of all, you need strategies because that will increase your chances of success, okay? If you want to get away from losing money all the time, the first thing you need to do is to get a strategy. But guys, please don't confuse indicators with strategies, all right? So, I will link a video up top which is going to be very important to watch because a lot of people they use indicators not even knowing how good they perform because they don't see the KPIs, okay? So, that video will be very important. And like I told you in the beginning in the intro of this video, that this video might be the most important one on my channel because it will send you to the right locations to continue your journey of educating yourself how to play this market in a better way. Step number two of the plan is to automate the trading strategies. Now, that's another benefit of having a strategy. It creates buy and sell signals, which you can automate. Now, why is the automation so important? Again, I'm going to keep it very short, but mainly because of emotions and lack of time, okay? So, emotional trading has to be avoided. Automating a strategy so you don't have to manually follow what is doing will eliminate a lot of the emotions and of course, the execution mistakes that you might be doing when you do it manually, right? And also, you can have a larger portfolio because if it's automatic, right, then you don't have to baby-sit every single small or big asset that you have in there. It will just happen, okay? And because the strategy has a higher chance of success, which is what I mentioned in the intro of this video, right, your entire portfolio as well will have a higher chance of making it. How does automation work? Very simply, you take the trading strategy signals, you send them through Signum, which is why we have this software that automates the strategy into your exchange, and it's very easy to use. There are many exchanges supported even in the US. We have OKX US. Of course, we have Coinbase. We have crypto.com. But also, we have the big ones, Binance, Bybit, Bitget, and even a decentralized one with HyperLiquid. So, you guys have zero excuses for not automating your crypto portfolio because if you do automate, you have a higher chance of success. And I always have to say not financial advice and all, but it's just logic, guys. Think about it. And guys, the third step of the plan is to stick to the plan because that is the most important thing. If you have a plan and you don't stick to it, the plan is completely useless, okay? And that is also the sad part of the intro of this video that I could have saved people way more money if they would have followed the freaking plan, okay? So, if you make a plan, you put all the effort to find a good strategy, to automate, to pick the right coins, which by the way, you can watch this video. AI can help with that as well, yeah. If you don't follow it, then what's the purpose, okay? And the other thing, and again, I want to keep the video short, right? The other thing is that if you have a plan and then you change it every week, every 2 weeks, every month, again, it's not a smart idea, okay? Because if the plan takes longer to play out, which usually does, right, you need to have bull markets, bear markets, give it some time, okay? If you put too much money into some automation, some strategy, any kind of system, then you will not leave the system alone because you will be anxious. You're going to have emotions, right? So, just put less money. Okay, just put the amount that you can leave alone, okay? That it can follow the plan. Once you have done that for a year or two, okay? Honestly, you have to leave it longer, okay? And you have seen that it works. Well, then you can put more money. But some people they need time to get warm, okay? And no, you cannot make money quickly, okay? There is no way, guys. There is no way that you will make money quickly and keep it as well. Any system that makes money quickly can also lose money quickly and also because there is greed involved. So, please, guys, okay? We had this topic already on this channel. You cannot make money quickly. Forget about it. You can make money slowly and consistently and in an easier way by following this plan, okay? Where you get a strategy, you automate the strategy, and you stick to the plan, okay? That is your only way of making it as a retail investor. And if your crypto portfolio is $25,000 or more, then you need more than just trading strategies. Consider the auto trading master class where I teach you my entire process, including my trading strategies, of course, which are the best in the industry. Click on these screenshots and you will see every single trade they took. But you need the education to properly build a risk-adjusted portfolio, to know how to play the markets depending on the cycles, and how to rebalance, how to use all of this to your advantage, right? Do your homework, by the way. Check the reviews. Watch the video here on the website, and you will understand that this is a limited access program for 1,000 people only. We still have some seats because I just started the program 1 year ago. This is the most advanced program that you can find, and this is just for higher net worth individuals, for people who have enough money to understand that risk management is the most important thing, okay? So, if this is for you, apply for access. Click this button. We're going to talk to each other if it's a good match, then you can join. And that's what I have for you in this video, guys. And if you want to learn how to automate a trading strategy that you have just found, then this is the next video you must watch. It's [music] TradingView. Uh-huh. Ooh, yeah. Ooh, yeah. Strategies, [music] we know what to do. Yeah. Ooh, yeah. >> [music] >> Stop reset. Watch the birds rise and fall.
