That's right, guys. In this video, I'm going to show you how to automate your Hyperlquid vault by connecting a Trading View strategy to it. But if you're a developer, you can also send API calls. Doesn't matter. I will show you how to trade in your Hyperlquid vault fully automatically. And why that's cool is because if you have people who want to copy trade you, you can create a vault. You can tell them about it. They can put the money in the vault and you make 10% from the profits. All right? So, you have more money to trade with by having a vault. people can participate in which is very cool. Yes. And that is why I'm showing you this. And this tutorial is the easiest way in this universe to automate your hyperlquid vault. I'm super excited to show you how this works. Let's get started. And as always guys, this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money. And that's why I run this channel to increase your chances of success by educating you on how to do it properly. Okay? Using strategies, risk management, automating it, right? So you always stick to the plan day and night. It makes sense, right? And that's why you subscribe to this channel to not miss out on any of this content. Whenever you see performance numbers in this video, right, in Trading View or wherever you see them, it doesn't mean that you will have the same performance in the future. And by the way, I have a video on how to analyze strategies, but that's a different topic. Keep that in mind. And now, let's continue. All right. First of all, you have to understand the flow. Where does the trade happen? How does it make it to your vault so that it actually trades automatically for you and for that we have a diagram in the background. You know I love my diagrams because this way I can explain stuff to you the best. Now this is what really happens here. The strategy runs on trading view. The signal goes to Signnum. Okay. And then Signnum knows how to speak to Hyperlquid so that it knows to send it to either your vault or your master account which you already know how to do because I have a video about that. I will link it up top right side. Today we're going to talk about the vault and connecting the vault or the sub account is pretty much the same thing. So once you know this, you also know this. Okay, cool stuff. But we're going to focus on the vault today where I'm going to show you how to create a vault as well and all the details about it and also how to automate it with a strategy that is pretty good. One more thing about how trading view works. Okay, so you will need to create an alert and the alert will be connected to your trading strategy. That means whenever your trading strategy makes any move, right, buying, selling, going flat, whatever it does, the alert will alert the outside world, which is Signnum in this case, about what the strategy wants to do. And there is a particular message that it sends so that Signum understands what has to be done. And then Signnum knows how to communicate to your exchanges, which today we're going to talk about Hyperlid and Vaults, but really you can connect any supported exchange that you like. The next thing we need to do, very simple, is we need to log in to our hyperlquid account. But then also we need to have at least 100 USDC on that account because it will cost us that money to create the vault. Those are the rules. Let me show you. First of all, I will log into my Hyperlquid account and I will use email address for that because that's how I set it up. You can also use your wallet. Go ahead and log in. All right, I'm logged in and I'm already on the vault page. If you want to get there, simply go to the menu and click on vaults. Before we can create the vault, we need to have 100 USDC at least in our account because we need to pay 100 to create the vault. Those are the rules in Hyperlid. For that reason, click on deposit and send USDC on the arbitum network. That's what I recommend doing. It's the easiest and fastest way to do it. Copy your wallet address. Okay? And simply send those funds there. It's very simple. Personally, I sent it from a centralized exchange because it was the easiest thing. I had USDC there. I just said I want to withdraw it. I want to withdraw it on arbitum and I sent it to this address. Very easy to do. So make sure you have those funds before creating the vault. And now click on create vault to create your vault. I will call it my amazing vault. In the description, I recommend that you put something that people will like and care about because that's what they will see when they find your vault on the website on the Hyperl website. And well, I will call it my educational vault because it doesn't matter for this tutorial, but you want to maybe put something there that reflects your strategy and you know what you want to achieve just to make it interesting for people. All right. And then you need to put 100 USDC or more otherwise you can't click the button. And they explain here also that you will basically make 10% profit share from all the money that is locked into this. But we're going to talk about this later. And also you can never change the name and description of this vault because somehow it's on chain and that's it. Okay? And so you have to have skin in the game. So the 100 USDC is a requirement. I have already created my vault. That's why for this test account I have only 50 USDC left. But it's pretty simple because once you click on create vault, this is what you're going to see. It's going to automatically log you in into that new vault. How do you see that? Well, here on the top you can see you have a master account but now you are on the vault account. All right. And this is the name of it. Mine is called YouTube vault for fun. Yeah. And I can switch between them. Right. If I click on master, I'm back on the master account. And if I click on vault, I'm back on the vault account. And they are trying here to make it clear. Yeah. That here if I'm on the vault, I'm trading in the name of the vault. And you can see that nicely in the portfolio because in the portfolio you can see all the positions and balances you have for in this case the vault. But if I switch to the master account, you can see that it looks totally different because it's a different account, right? So that's great. We now have a vault. Where do you find it? Well, you can go to vaults and you will see your vault over here. I think they put it on the top always so you find it easily. You can click on it and you can see that there is 100 USDC in there. I have already traded for test purposes. That's why it's a bit less. Okay, but in any case, this is where you will see the total value locked. People can deposit money into your vault. You can go and advertise it and all these things. But let me show you the automation. That's the whole point of this video, right? We're going to get to the automation. But first, I want to give you a bonus. Basically, a trading fee discount. And in order to take advantage of this, you need to know how to use it. So, go to referrals in your Hyperlid account and click on enter code. And here, put in signum. I've already done that. And I will zoom in to show you signum. Click the button and that's it. Okay? And do the same for your vault because if you don't do that, the vault will not benefit automatically from that. So go to the vault by switching into it. Enter code, put signum again, and do it for all of your vaults and all of your sub accounts and also your master account so that all of your accounts take advantage of this fee discount so that you don't overpay for trading on hyperlquid. Almost forgot to tell you that if you want more benefits for other exchanges, simply come to our Telegram group, there is an announcement with all the links and all the discounts that we have negotiated for our viewers. And also come to the Telegram because you get support, okay? Like if you have any questions about how to automate vaults or other exchanges, any automation related topic, Trading View, whatever, then we love to have you there because we want to help people. The whole point of this channel is to help as many people as possible automate their portfolios. Okay, awesome. We have a vault. Now let's automate the vault. Okay, let me go back to the diagram and remind you where we are. We have started over here by creating the vault first. And now what we need to do is we need to connect Signnum with the vault so that they know how to speak to each other. Let's do that. Now go back to your hyperlquid account. Click on more on the top menu and then click on API. You need to understand something very important about these API keys that you will be creating. So any API key that you create here will have full access on all the master stuff but also the vaults and the sub accounts right? So any API key here has access to everything down there okay that belongs to that master account. It's cool but you just need to know okay of course they cannot withdraw money that's for sure it says in their documentation but it can trade. Okay. So what we'll do is we create a new API key the normal way the usual way we create an API key and the difference is that instead of taking the master public address we're going to just take the vault address and that's it. Okay very simple let me show you. So first of all you give it a name and be careful give it a name that reminds you about the vault that is connected to that vault because otherwise you'll never know why that key exists and you might even delete it by accident. Okay. So, give it a name and there are limitations, right? I can't just call it YouTube vault. I would love to do that but I can't do it. Okay. Because uh there is a limitation. So maybe I can call it vault YouTube. Okay. It is what it is, right? Okay. And then I have to click on generate to generate a wallet address whatever and then create this authorized wallet address. Okay. And so I will have an address. I will make sure it has 180 days max validity which is the maximum that it allows. And then I will just copy this. I will copy this and I will copy the public address of the vault and then connect it to Signnum. Let me show you how easy that is. Okay. So go to Signnum. Click on create bot. Click on futures because your vault should be able to go short as well and leverage and stuff. All right, here you can see you need to fill in three input fields which is very simple because they're called exactly the way that it's called as well in hyperlquid. So you need the API wallet address when coming back here. This is exactly this one here. So you can just copy this and you can put it here. Right? Then you need the private key and this is the private key. All right. So you can click on this copy button and you can just paste it over here. And this last input field is the most important one because here you can decide do you want to connect the public like the master account, the vault or the sub account. All right, of course we're going to put the vault address. Let me show you where to get that from. Go back to Hyperlquid. Make sure this is on 180 days. Click on authorize. Don't just leave this window because you have to see the API key being created here in the user interface. Otherwise later on when we go and validate it will not exist and there will be an issue. Right? Okay. Now click here on the top and copy the vault address. You don't need to switch into the account. Just click on this copy icon over here and it's in your clipboard. And then here you can paste it. And by the way, Hyperlquid for some reason puts HL colon in there. But that's fine. You don't need to remove it because Signum knows how to deal with this. Okay, we can click on validate. And the cool thing here is that it now shows you exactly how much money you have on your balance. And you can now double check if this is the amount that is in your wallet. not in your wallet, but in your vault. And that's cool because this way you can actually see if you connected the right thing. So, so switching to the vault, go to portfolio here on the top. And here on the balances, you can see that you have 97.95 USDC. And this is exactly what you have here. We show you even more precision. That's fine. Okay. Now, the only thing left is to give it a name, a title, and also to pick a trading pair. Okay. So for the title there is a small naming convention that helps. First thing the name of the strategy you're going to use for this bot. In my case going to be the Ichimoku strategy. Then which coin you're going to trade it on BTC. And you will see why that matters later on. And also anything in parenthesis that you want to remember. So in this case, how would I know that this bot is connected to the vault? I would not know. Yeah. So I will put it here YouTube vault to never forget that. Right. And then let's pick BTC USDC. And let's click on create bot. And tada, >> we have a new bot. We know the balance and the positions. We can see them here. It's zero. Okay, cool. But the next thing to do is to see if this actually works. What I mean by that is let's see if we trigger a trade manually. Does it actually trigger the vault in the right way, the way we expect? So that's very easy to do because you go to signum and you scroll down. You are here, right? You scroll down and here you can trigger the bot in different ways. Okay, you can connect it to a trading strategy. You can connect it to even trend lines. You can send API calls if you're a developer. But you can also just trigger it manually from the user interface. And that can be useful if let's say your strategy in trading view is already invested while your vault is not invested and you want to have them synchronized. And this is very helpful. Okay. So you can choose how much percentage you want to invest. So this is 100% by default and let's open a long with 100%. And let's go to hyperlquid and wait. See what happens there. Tada. As you can see the position got opened 2x. These are the parameters. And when you go back to signal you will see that the position also shows up over here. You don't have to always go to hyperl to check it. You will see it here. You see the collateral. You will see the P&L and you will see that it's 2x long. And you can also close it and everything. But of course the idea is that you have full automation. Right? So what we've done now we've just manually triggered this trade from here to here. We didn't have any trading view activity. Now let's connect trading view as well and see this in action in signum. When you scroll down just below the positions you can see do you want to test your bot? Okay. And there is a video about this. So click on that and this video will explain that you can basically take the test strategy we have here. This is linked in the video description. So this is the strategy that you can put on your chart. So you add to your favorites. So it's free, right? Everyone can use it. It's public, public code, everything. And this trades every minute in and out, in and out. Just so that you see that the whole connection works. Okay. So add it to your favorites. Click this button here. Go to trading view. Finally, we're in Trading View. Yeah. And reload Trading View because if you don't reload it, it might be the case that it doesn't yet know that you have access to the strategy and it might complain. Okay. Now go to your indicators and search for it. So you will find it somewhere here. It's called signal tester, right? And this is a public one. Put it on the chart. All right? And the signal tester will tell you, hey, please switch to the one minute chart because we want signals quickly. Okay? We're not going to make money with this, but this is for testing that the connection works. Okay? So this will tell you, hey, now you can set up the alert to connect. You see, in this case to connect trading view with signnum. And that's exactly what we're going to do now. And for that, we're going to go to the strategy tester, right? And we're going to click on this dropdown and add an alert. Okay. Then go to message. And we have to fill in the name and the alert message. By the way, the alert message, clean everything that's in there. We're going to put something totally different. Okay. Okay. So, let's put the alert name. Let's go to signum for that. Scroll down and click on trading view strategy. We want to trigger this bot from a trading view strategy. Okay. So the name, this is the name. Copy the whole thing and put it there. And this will create the connection for you as well in your mind when you read it that ah this is the bot, right? And it's going from signum to hyperlquid. This is the name, right? So it's very convenient. So then copy the entire message here and just put it here. That's it. And then in notifications, you just have to make sure to have turned on the web hook URL and to put this URL. And you can copy this because it's here, right? You can just copy this and put it here. You have to have the web hook otherwise it doesn't make any sense. And you might have to do two-actor authentication because of security reasons. Fine, do it, right? And click on create. And when you click on create, this bot will get signals every minute. So let's check it out. Okay. In my alerts here, you can see this is the alert. active and it has all the placeholders, everything. I just need to wait for it to trigger a trade. Okay, so we're going to see a pop-up appear on Trading View when the trade gets triggered. And I think the strategy is now in an open position. So, we'll close the position first. And let's see what we have on Hyperlquid. On Hyperlquid, we have an open position. So, the next trade should actually close this completely. Let's see. Going back to Trading View. Waiting for the minute to be over for the trade to happen. And I just want to show you in real time. And I'm going to drink my coffee while I'm waiting for this thing to happen. >> One eternity later. We have a trade. Okay, that's awesome. So, it's a sell signal, right? And let's go to directly here. And we should be seeing that the position is gone, right? You see the position is gone. The balance is back. When we go to signum and we refresh here, the position is also gone, right? And here your money is back. And then when you scroll down, you can see the logs. You can see that here it was trading. It was a sell signal, right? So it came in and a few seconds later it got executed. And that's it. And now in the next minute, the next signal will come for buying in this case. And because you have copied this message here with a 100% in and out, it will go 100% in, 100% out using the leverage that you have set up here. If you want your strategy to decide how much to buy, not always 100%, there is a video which I will link up top which is very important for that topic. Signum can do it. You need to learn how to do it. The video is there for you. Watch it. Okay, let's go back to trading view. We see the next signal came in for buying. Now let's start with signnum. Let's reload here the logs and we can see here we have a buy signal. It got successfully executed. Let's go to hyperlquid. And here we should see a position. Boom. There is the position. Right? So, it works. Now, let's do the last thing, which is well to stop this alert because this was just for testing purposes. And now, we go to the one day chart. And I will delete this signal tester because I don't need it anymore. And I will use the ichimoku strategy, which I will not explain how it works now because we already have a video for that. So, just watch the video up top that I will link for you. And I want to automate this strategy. And actually, it's on the 4our chart. So, let's go to the 4our chart. And what I will do is first of all I will check the numbers to make sure that those are the numbers that I'm looking for. Right? So let's see if the strategy is set up properly. I will just reset all the settings so that when you put the strategy on your chart, it will look exactly the same with the default settings. Everything the same. Okay. So these are the numbers on Bitcoin on the 4 hour. So I want to automate this vault. All right. this vault that I have. I'm logged into the vault with this trading strategy to so that the vault follows all the trades from this strategy. So, let's go. It's really cool. Okay, so the way to do this is the same as before. Click on add alert. Let's go here to our bot and we are on trading view strategy. Put the name is the same name as before, right? And it's also the same message as before because this is the real deal, but it's the same because we want to trigger the same bot. Yeah. And then the web hook URL. It should be already there because Trading View does remember these things. So click create and then you will see your alert appear on this side over here and that's it. Okay. So that's the success moment where you have the alert. Now you need to wait for a trade to happen. And if you want to be very smart and you want to be right, you zoom in here and you check is the strategy invested or not or even better list of trades. Okay, in the list of trades you can see that there is already an a position open, right? It's already in a position. So if you just leave it like this and in your hyperlquid you also have a position open. It's fine because now it's synchronized. Okay, hyperlquid vault is in a position. Your strategy is also in an open position. Perfect, right? They're synchronized. Nothing to do because the next signal will be a sell signal, right? To get out of the position and will close. That's the wrong tab, right? It will close this position. So perfect. Okay. So you are now fully set up for the automation. So what you have done now and let me clean up this stuff here. You have connected all sides with each other, right? You've connected the strategy with signnum, right? You have also connected signum with hyperlquid with the vault specifically. And on top of that, the strategy is in a position and your vault is also in a position. So you are fully set up and you're fine. Let's go. Okay, you can now leave it alone and wait for the next signal to happen. And whenever the strategy decides to sell, that's what's going to happen. Okay, it's going to send it through the entire pipeline. But keep in mind that depending on the strategy you're using, so for example, this Ichimoku strategy, if you look here, sometimes it has trades open for a longer time. So here, 5% profit, 38 days, right? Or here it made even more profit and here it went, let me go to the right place. So here 24% in about what was this 60 days, right? Or and so on, right? Actually, we can look at it here. So it had some tiny losing trades, but it had also some bigger winners. Okay, especially if you leverage this, this can be very interesting. 5% 24%, 47% and 48, 57%. But these trades take some time. So you can't expect the strategy to trade every day, right? Because then it wouldn't have this performance. I mean, it would have way worse performance to be honest. So just make sure that whichever strategy you're using, you expect the right thing. Okay? So this alert will not trigger tomorrow. I mean depends what the chart is doing, but most likely this trade will be open for a bit longer. Okay? So don't expect it to trade every day. Make sure you understand how your strategy works. If it trades often or follows the trend and only goes out at the end of the trend, which this one is doing that and if you want access to the strategy is very simple. Just go to the strategies tab here in Signnum and simply click on the strategy you want. Get access or Ichimoku here also get access. just put your trading view username and follow these steps or just watch the video basically here which I already linked up top and you know exactly how to use the strategy. So that's it right. So you can see so you can see I have my bot over here with the right naming. So I remember that this is my hyperlquid vault and also I know that I'm using the Ichimoku strategy on Bitcoin. Why that's important is because if I change the trading pair here I want to remember that this is actually meant for Bitcoin. Okay. And also when I go here to the alert, it has the same name. So I know this is meant to be for Bitcoin. So if any setting is not for Bitcoin and is not Ichimoku because it's in the name, then I did something wrong and I can fix this, right? That's why this naming convention is so important. Now that you know how to automate a vault, you can take even more advantage of what I'm showing you on this channel, right? Because you can take the strategies that I've given you or the ones you've built yourself with AI, okay? They have videos about how to build strategies with AI and you can automate them into vaults and other people can copy trade you and you make 10% from all the profits that this vault makes which gives you huge opportunities. Okay, I hope you see the value that this channel gives you. So, make sure to subscribe and massage the like button right now. And if you're a busy person and you're searching for the best system to automate your entire crypto portfolio, then consider the auto trading masterass, which is my baby. And this is my entire process with all of my trading strategies that I'm using myself with all of the knowledge that you need in order to make it in this markets for long term, not just for this cycle. And as well to build a riskadjusted portfolio with all the templates you need. And well, you can see what other people were saying here. We have these videos that they send us recently because they are busy people, business people often and they don't always have time to make these videos. So, I'm very happy of these feedback videos. So, anyway, check it out and do your research about this before you apply. And if you like it, then apply for access. Click this button here and we're going to talk and if it's a good match, I love to have you with us. And if you want to learn how to build a trading strategy with AI from beginning to the end to use for your vaults, then this is the next video you should watch. It's trading view. Uh-huh. Ooh yeah. Ooh yeah. >> Strategies. We know what to do. Yeah. Do you stop loses set? Watch the bus rise and
