That's right, guys. You want to know if the bull market support band is actually a good indicator. Easy. I turned it into a trading strategy using AI so we can all see the performance. And the reason I'm doing this video now is because more and more influencers are talking about this indicator including Benjamin Cohen. Huge respect for the guy. He's using this indicator in a lot of his videos lately. The problem is though that this indicator is In this video, I'm going to show you the performance numbers. I'm going to give you the code of the strategy version of the bull market support band. I'm going to show you way better strategies, okay? And in my opinion, Benjamin Cohen, if you're watching this, love you, man. You're amazing. You should be using these other better strategies to decide if Bitcoin's price action is healthy or not. But that's just my dubious speculation. Before we start, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you because otherwise the YouTube algorithm will never know. Also, remember this is not financial advice. Crypto's risky. You can lose all of your money and that is why I run this educational channel so that you can be ahead of the herd. Subscribe and let's go. Okay, guys. This is the bull market support band indicator and this is the source code. I took the source code, gave it to the AI to create a strategy out of it and this is the result. On Bitcoin since 2018, it made 1,108% profit with 58% max drawdown. And for YouTube, I have to mention is not indicative of future results. I'm just analyzing the historical performance of this indicator. Before we can decide if this is a good result or not, you need to know that there are a couple of versions of this actually because you can interpret the indicator in different ways. Also, by the way, this is education for you if you convert other indicators into strategies. For example, in this particular case, it can go long when the lines cross, but it can also go long when the close price closes above one of the lines or something else entirely, right? So you need to know which version I just showed you and also you need to know if the other versions I just mentioned are better. In this video, I have four different versions of this whereas the fourth version is a trap that a lot of people run into and I want to educate you on this. That's why I added to the video. Let's start with version number one which is this one that I just showed you. Version number one is the most obvious one is buying or going long when the green line crosses above the red line and is going flat when the green line crosses back below the red line. Very simple. And as you can see, this resulted in a profitable trade. In this other case though, this was the COVID crash, this resulted in a losing trade. But overall, you can see that obviously it was profitable, not financial advice, because you can see the backtest numbers. In my personal opinion, this is not the best performance. So let's go to version number two and see if that is any better. And as you know, I'm a developer, so let's go to the Pine editor, comment out this go long logic, and comment in the second one. The second one is where the close price crosses over the EMA or the close price crosses over the SMA. So basically, the price crosses over any of the lines and it will go long and then of course the go flat condition for the second version is exactly the opposite on the other side. When it crosses under the EMA or it closes under the SMA, it simply goes flat. Let's save this and see the results. Ta-da! Now it's making 1,387% profit with 41.7% max drawdown. And at the end of the video, I will take the best version of the bull market support band strategy and compare it with the other strategies that I mentioned in the beginning of the video to see which one of those is better for Bitcoin. Very exciting. Let's again take a look at a couple of trades of this version as well. So it goes long here because the close price closes above the red line. Any line goes and it will be going long if the price closes above it. So that's exactly what happened here and then it closed the trade over here because the price was sharply but still closing below both of the lines, but any of these lines would have been enough for it to go flat. So that was fine. It was a profitable trade. Now the COVID situation, this version handled much better, right? Because it's not losing money here whereas the previous version did, which might explain why it now has a higher P&L, but I'm sure that's not the only trade that plays into that. As you can see here, it went long because this candle closed very slightly above the green line and then it went flat here because this candle closed below the green line. As you can see, a slight change of the interpretation of the indicator can already change the results dramatically to the better but also to the worse. So if you have ideas on how I could interpret this indicator even better or differently, then leave them down in the comments. But as you can see here, version number two, going long above the green line can also cause losing trades. That's obvious, but it caused a couple of them and so the next idea, version three, is to go long above the red line to avoid trades like these for example and as well avoid this trade over here and also this trade over here. So if we go long above the red line, then these trades will never happen, right? And we'll have less losing trades and potentially it makes more profits. Let's check it out. Let's go to version number three. For that, let's open the Pine editor. Let's comment this out and this in. As you can see here, crossover close price above the SMA. That's the red line, right? And we do the same here for the close condition. And by the way, you will get access to the Pine Script code of this particular strategy and you will have all the versions for going long and going flat so you can try it yourself. So the close condition is the close price crosses under the SMA, right? Which is the red line. So let's save this and check the results. Now it makes 1,317% profit, but the drawdown is less. It's now 36.8%. As you can see, it's now avoiding this trade, which is exactly what we wanted. It avoids this one over here and that is also the reason why the drawdown is lower. This is the best result out of all of the versions and not because the profit is higher, but because the max drawdown is lower. Risk management is the most important thing in trading, especially in crypto, and if you're watching this channel, you know why and how important it is. Now it makes a little bit less profit, but the drawdown is clearly lower, which makes this the best version. Let's look at the fourth version, which again is not a real version, but it's a trap that a lot of people run into and that is why I'm adding this to the video to protect you from this mistake, okay? So if you have the glorious idea, not just with this indicator, but any other one, right? To go long above one of the lines, but then to go flat below a totally different line. For example, you go long above green and you go flat below red. That is not a good idea and let me show you why that's the case and for that I will turn on this logic that does exactly that mistake and we will go to gold and not because this strategy is great for gold, but you can see the mistake there very nicely and you can see here that because the strategy goes flat below red, but the price never goes below green again, right? It will never go back in. It will never buy back or go long and that is why it's now missing out on this entire move here, okay? And that's the trap, okay? So if you have a logic to go long above a line, you have to use that same line to invalidate and to go flat or even to go short, whichever you like. But you cannot create a situation like this where price can give you these headaches where it doesn't go below the other line to cross over again and then you have this issue. And now let's go back to the best version of the bull market support band strategy and compare it with the Gaussian channel, the Ichimoku, and also one of my personal strategies. Let's do that quickly on Bitcoin to see the results. So to remind you, this is the best version of the bull market support band with 1,316% profit 36.8% max drawdown. Now let's turn this off and let's turn on the Gaussian channel. Go to the one day because the Gaussian channel is made for the one day chart. And as you can see, it's making way more profit than the bull market support band strategy. Again, not financial advice. This is not an indication of future profits, but as you can see, the drawdown is even lower and the profit is higher. So I mean, there is no need to use the support band. Let's go to the Ichimoku strategy. That is made for the four-hour chart. And as you can see here, 33% max drawdown, which again is lower than the bull market support band and 3,242% profit. Oh my god. So far the best one. But let's also check my personal strategy because why not? Let's go on the one day chart because that's made for the one day chart. And as you can see here, 20% max drawdown with 4,300 34% profit. The best of the bunch. You can get access to the Gaussian channel strategy and the Ichimoku strategy by simply signing up on signum.money, which is a trade automation software to automate these strategies once you have access to them, which is the whole point of my channel to fully automate the entire crypto portfolio. And to get access to my personal strategy, you would have to consider the auto trading masterclass. If your crypto portfolio is $25,000 or more, then you need more than just trading strategies. Consider the auto trading masterclass where I teach you my entire process including my trading strategies, of course, which are the best in the industry. Click on these screenshots and you will see every single trade they took. But you need the education to properly build a risk-adjusted portfolio, to know how to play the markets depending on the cycles and how to rebalance, how to use all of this to your advantage, right? Do your homework, by the way. Check the reviews, watch the video here on the website and you will understand that this is a limited access program for 1,000 people only. We still have some seats because I just started the program 1 year ago. This is the most advanced program that you can find and this is just for higher net worth individuals, for people who have enough money to understand that risk management is the most important thing, okay? So if this is for you, apply for access, click this button. We're going to talk to each other. If it's a good match, then you can join. Now you know why I had to make this video to open people's eyes about the bull market support band, but also in general that just looking at an indicator is not enough to decide if it's a good one. And if you want to learn how to convert an indicator into a strategy, then this is the next video you should watch. It's Trade View. Uh-huh. Oh, yeah. >> [music] >> Oh, yeah. Strategies, we know what to [music] do. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> [music] >> Stop loss is set. Watch the price rise and fall.
