That's right, guys. You want to automate your indicator trading signals on your exchange to trade fully automatically for you. Perfect. That's exactly what I'm going to show you. It's very easy to do. You don't need coding skills, but you do need an AI and a good trade automation tool. And also, you need to avoid one massive trap that lost me a lot of money. Take this indicator for example. It looks like it has amazing trading signals, but is it actually profitable? By the end of the video, if you watched it carefully, then you will have the skills to automate your first Trading View indicator in about 10 minutes. And watch it carefully until the end, okay? Because I sprinkle golden nuggets of trading knowledge and if you skip that, then you're missing out. Before we start, make sure to like this video if it adds value to you because otherwise the YouTube algorithm will never know. Also, remember this is not financial advice. Crypto is risky. You can lose all of your money. And that is why I run this educational channel so that you can be ahead of the herd. Subscribe and let's go. Let's take this step by step. Okay, there are three types of indicators. The first type is this one here, type one, where you have access to the source code. And that is the best case scenario because you can take the source code, you can go to the AI, I will show you, convert it into a strategy and then you have a nice back test and you can automate it with a trading alert. Everything is easy going. Okay. Type two indicator is the one that does not give you access to the source code as you can see here. But the alerts that it has builtin have buy and sell alerts which is nice. So you can then put the right message here and you can put a web hook and so on and you can automate. It's very easy. I will show you that right. And type three of indicators is where you don't have access to the code and it doesn't have any alerts whatsoever. And that is the worst case scenario of indicator. But I do have a solution. Well, sort of. Let's start with the type one indicator where we do have access to the source code and that's most of the indicators on trading view. Okay. When you open the indicators panel here, you find any indicator from Trading View from the community tab, you will see here that they do offer the code. Okay. So, what I'm going to show you now for automating indicators will work for 90 plus% of all indicators in Trading View. We're going to go ahead and convert this indicator into a strategy so we can automate it. And also we're going to get a massive benefit which is that we're going to see the performance numbers of this indicator. And I have a question for you while we're doing this and while you're watching this, tell me how profitable is this indicator just by looking at it with your eyes. Put it down there in the comments and tell me is it like 100% profit from it starts trading here right until today or is it like,000% profit or is it like 10,000%. What do you think? Okay, cool. Now, let's get started. We're going to simply take the code of this indicator by clicking on these brackets over here, right? You hover with the mouse over the title of this indicator, click on source code, and then this panel will open up. You just copy the entire thing. Okay? And you go to grock.com. All right? You click here on ask like start a new chat and you select Grock for fast. You can also select Grock for expert if your indicator doesn't convert properly the first time. Okay, so let's leave some space on the top and paste the code because it makes a nice collapsible panel here, which is pretty cool. And then on the top, we're going to use the prompt that I have for you. This is the prompt. I'm going to give you the link to this document down below this video. It's very simple. Just copy this part and paste it up here. As you can see, we have a couple of placeholders. long condition, flat condition, and the code of the indicator. We already have that, so we can delete that. And now we need to tell him when to go long and when to go flat. Flat means get out and be back in dollars, basically. Okay. So, what is the long condition? What is the flat condition? For that, let's go back to Trading View. Back in Trading View, zoom into the chart and understand the indicator. When does it want to buy? When does it want to sell? All right? Because some indicators, they give you these super easy labels where it says buy and sell. But most of them don't. Okay? So you need to understand how you want to use the indicator. Okay? Cuz you still have something to say over here, right? So here you see the dot appears, the green dot, and for me that means cool, let's buy, right? And then the red dot appears. But of course, I'm not selling up there. That would be awesome. But instead it sells somewhere around here and it made 475% profit. I mean, I'm happy with that, right? especially when it's fully automatic. I'm going to tell the AI to go long when the green dot appears and to go flat when the red dot appears. Now, there is one more thing that you should know. Go to the settings of the indicator because you need to or it would be better if you know what these dots are called. And it's relatively simple. Usually, you can go to the style tab and then you can turn on and off these things until the dot comes and goes, right? Aha. It's called trail mark. You see when I turn it off, these dots disappear. So, I'm going to go to Grock and I'm going to tell it the following thing. I'm going to tell it go long when the trail mark is green and go flat when the trail mark is red. It's very simple, right? And here, this is a template that I'm using all the time. I wanted to trade from 2018 0101 into the future because that's the most realistic time frame and all of the strategies and everything I talk about on this channel starts trading at that time. That means a huge benefit because we can compare all the results from everything I'm showing you because they always start here. Okay, it's long only 100% equity per trade. That makes the strategies comparable with each other. 0.1% commission, one tick slippage. In any case, now let's send this off to Grock and see what it does. Meanwhile, I'm going to have my coffee and come back to you when it's finished. All right, what do we have over here? Grock is giving me some code. Is it finished? Well, almost there. Almost there. All right, we have some code. Let's check it out. Go up to the right, copy the code. Okay, and now go back to Trading View. In Trading View, go down here, click on Pine Editor, click on this dropown over here to make a new strategy. It's called create new and then click on strategy. And you're going to get a template strategy. Just delete everything that is in there and paste the new code. Click on save. Save again. And now click on add to chart. Once you add to chart, it will show you the performance numbers. But let's look at them afterwards. First of all, we need to make sure that it's trading when we told it to trade. Okay, so let's go back to the chart and check if it does the right thing. As you can see here, this is a long position open arrow. That's how Trading View shows it. So that's exactly where the dot is. Okay, if we zoom in there, we can see that it's exactly when the dot appeared. Well, one candle after because the candle needs to close first and then the trade can happen. And then as well the same here, the dot appeared and then boom, next candle it sold. And so it seems to do exactly what we told you to do. Also here it looks exactly the same as what we would expect. Here's the same. Here's buying. Here's selling. Perfect. I told you it's going to be easy. The AI does all the work. You just need to copy paste a few things. Now that you have the strategy, you can automate it. I will show you. But you can also tune it and you can see the performance numbers, which is important. You remember I asked you before what you think about the performance of this indicator would be. So let's check it out. Drum roll please. Clicking on the strategy tester in 3 2 1. Tada. Yes, it's a profitable indicator. Now strategy with,200 67% net profit 24% 25 let's round it up max draw down and 71.4% profitable trades. Very nice. All of this like we told the AI from 2018 which is somewhere here but it didn't trade on the way down which is nice because well it was a downtrend there is no reason to go long there right so it was buying here which is pretty nice but is it better than for example my strategy let's check it out my strategy made 4781% profit with 23% max draw down which is obviously on another level if you're interested in my strategy and my knowledge check out autotrading.vip VIP. More about that at the super end of the video so you don't get bothered with it. The massive trap that a lot of traders fall into is that they don't even know the performance of that indicator. Right? So I was losing a lot of money doing that. I thought if I put this indicator and that it looks good. Yeah, like it should have a great performance. But you have seen that this indicator, yeah, it makes money but it's not the best, right? So the only way that you can know if an indicator is good is to convert it into a strategy to see the actual performance numbers. And at the end of this video, I will link to another very important video you should watch which is why indicator are lying to you so you fully get the picture. But now let's automate this freaking trading strategy that we have just created. And that is super easy now right because you can simply click here click on add alert and in the settings you don't change anything. In the message, you have to put the trading message that you need to put, and I will tell you which one. And then in the notifications, you have to put the web hook to send it to the automation software that we're using. We're using signum.money, which is the easiest tool to automate trading strategies. Once you're logged in, you can connect your exchange and create a bot. And by the way, when you create an exchange account, you can even get trading rebates. Check these buttons out while you're creating your bots. I already have prepared a bot because I want to make this very quick. And the reason I want to make it quick is because I already have a couple of videos on how to automate trading strategies. And I will link one of them here up top. All right, this is the bot I want to use for automating this trading strategy. This bot is connected to my hyperlquid account. It's set up to trade Bitcoin USDC, which makes sense because here we're also on Bitcoin, right? And that makes sense. So, let's click on it and let's scroll down and let's trigger this bot. Okay. And we can trigger it from a trading view strategy. Yeah, that's exactly what we have finally. So we can take the name here to populate the name of the alert. We can take and that's the most important part the message and that will tell signum later on once this triggers which bot it is and if it's a buy or sell signal actually this one right the action it will be buy or sell it's a placeholder long story very easy watch the other video if you want more in-depth explanations and go to notifications and here put the web hook URL that is very important otherwise this signal will not make it into signum web hook URL is here copy it go to trading view put it here click create and taa Uh you now have automated this trading strategy and where can you see anything because that was very fast, right? So you can simply open up the alerts panel and you will see your trading alert over here and whenever the strategy triggers a buy or a sell it will trigger this alert and this alert because of the web hook will send it to Signnum and it will trade. And by the way, okay, if you want to trigger this manually, then just click on manual and trigger a buy or a sell completely manually. Let me trigger a buy right now. And then you can see that my USDC will go into Ethereum after a few seconds. Boom. I sold all my USDC. Now I have Ethereum. It's a very small position, right? But this same thing happens automatically when the strategy triggers from Trading View. And now let's talk about type two indicators where you don't get access to the code like this one, but they give you trading alerts. And these trading alerts, they are built for buying and selling, which is really cool. And let me show you how to automate those very easily. You will need to create two alerts. One for buying and one for selling. In signum, click on trading view custom alerts. Right? So before we were using this, now we're using this. So it's very simple because this is pre-populated with a buy action here, right? Buy action. And most of the stuff is pre-populated. So you just copy the buy action and when you create the alert, you click on the buy action, right? That the alert is triggering. And you must click on once per bar close because it's best practice to trade at bar close. Okay. And then in the message you simply put this message over here. Okay. So it's going to buy and that's it. And then the title again copy paste from signum and the notifications. Make sure you have the web hook. Click create. And what you have now is an alert for just buying. You can see that here right? It says action buy. So now let's create the second one. Click on the three dots. Then select sell once per bar close. Go to the message. Go to signnum and now copy the sell message. Right? Copy the whole thing and put it here. Put the same title again. Copy that from there and put it here. Check. Always check if the web hook is turned on and it's correct. Click create. And you're done. You have now automated this entire indicator and you have one alert for buying and one for selling. Good job. Not all indicators will have this nice buy and sell alerts built in and then you will not be able to automate them. For example, this indicator here doesn't have that. The only thing that it offers is crossing price value above or below whatever. But that's not really a buy or sell signal based on its logic, internal logic. So that's not going to work. If you see something like this where you cannot click on a buy or long or whatever alert, it's not going to work, right? So it has to look something like this, right? where the alerts of the strategy that are custom are above this crossing up, crossing down, right? Those are the alerts that you need. In some cases, it's going to look like this where you do have a custom alert, right? Above these other options, but it's not split between buying and selling, right? So, you don't even know what to do when the message triggers because it says any alert function call. That's not helpful. And in those cases, you will not be able to automate it. Keep in mind, most indicators will give you the source code, so you should be fine. And what about type three indicators where we don't have access to anything basically like this one for example, no source code and it doesn't offer alerts whatsoever. Well, in that case, you're pretty screwed. I would say you can go and talk to the creator. Maybe he or she wants to add these alerts into the indicator. I do have another solution that I'm working on which is to use AI. Grog 4 is the goat right now for pine script in my opinion to use AI to recreate this indicator. All right. and it does work in some cases and I'm working on a video for that. So, make sure to subscribe, click the bell, click on all so you don't miss out when I launch that video. And the more people that comment down below that you want this solution, then well, the faster I will work on that video to make it happen. And if you want to learn how to automate your entire crypto portfolio using the best strategies and a process that has been working for many years, I'm in crypto since 2013, then consider the autotrading masterass. Here, I teach you how to build and automate your entire crypto portfolio and my entire process on how to deal with any situation that the market throws at you. If that sounds interesting to you, then watch this video and do your research before considering to apply simply because we're looking for people that have the right mindset. This program is limited to thousand members, okay? High quality members. We are growing every day. So, before you apply, make sure to check out the reviews. Scroll down, check out the strategies, click on them. You will see all the performance numbers over there. Also check out the curriculum and you can even watch this preview videos before joining. And also you can check out the riskadjusted portfolio which I love because it helps so so much in the entire process. And as well if you still have time and you want to do even more research then check out the videos that our members have sent us. They're very busy people. So I'm ultra happy they even had time to send those videos. And for each and everyone they put their LinkedIn profiles. That's how much they believe in this program. If that sounds interesting to you and you want to join the highest quality crypto community on the planet, then click on apply for access and we're going to speak soon. That's what I have for you guys. And if you want to learn why most indicators are lying and are actually not profitable, then this is the next video you must watch [Music] >> strategies. We know what to do. Yeah. Do you yeah set watch the bus rise and
